FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, Jan. 3, 2014 MEDIA CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131 mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

TEXAS LOTTERY® TEAMS UP WITH NATIONAL COUNCIL ON PROBLEM GAMBLING
Texas Lottery encourages lottery players to play responsibly
(AUSTIN) ­ The Texas Lottery has joined the National Council on Problem Gambling as a Silver member as part of its ongoing efforts to prevent problem gambling. "We look forward to working with the National Council on Problem Gambling to help bring awareness to this issue," said Gary Grief, executive director of the Texas Lottery. "We continue to encourage lottery players to play responsibly and remind players that it only takes one ticket to win." The National Council on Problem Gambling is the national advocate for programs and services to assist problem gamblers and their families. The mission of the NCPG is to increase public awareness of pathological gambling, ensure the widespread availability of treatment for problem gamblers and their families, and to encourage research and programs for prevention and education. The National Council is neither for nor against legalized gambling. NCPG's primary concern is to help problem gamblers and their families. Major National Council programs include:
     

Operation of the National Problem Gambling Helpline Network (800-522-4700), a single national access point to local resources. Administration of the National Certified Gambling Counselor (NCGC) credential. Holding the annual National Conference on Problem Gambling, the world's oldest and largest problem gambling-specific conference. Distribution of literature on problem gambling treatment, research and recovery. Organization of National Problem Gambling Awareness Month. Providing education on problem gambling issues to federal, state, tribal and international governments and agencies.

"The Texas Lottery has been a long-time participant in our holiday campaign to prevent underage gambling and we welcome future collaborative efforts to prevent gambling addiction," said Keith Whyte, executive director of the National Council on Problem Gambling.

(more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

Texas Lottery Joins NCPG/page 2

About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $21 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $42 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $16 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. The Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball®, Mega Millions®, Lotto Texas®, All or NothingTM, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org.

About the National Council on Problem Gambling The National Council on Problem Gambling (NCPG) is the national advocate for programs and services to assist problem gamblers and their families. NCPG was founded in 1972 and is neutral on legalized gambling. The National Problem Gambling Helpline (1-800-522-4700) is accessible 24/7. Calls are free and confidential. For more information, please visit www.ncpgambling.org.

###

