TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, January 7, 2011 CONTACT: Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

THREE SAN ANTONIO TEXAS LOTTERY® PLAYERS WIN DALLAS COWBOYS SECOND-CHANCE PRIZES
(Austin) ­ Three Texas Lottery® players from San Antonio are celebrating prizes won in the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game despite the fact that their tickets did not win instantly. Edward G. Vasquez won a "Wild Weekend" package and Elliott Hunt and Liaqat Mohammad won season tickets in a recent Dallas Cowboys second-chance drawing. "The Dallas Cowboys game features instant prizes of $10 to $250,000," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "Players who don't win instantly shouldn't be discouraged, though. By sending in their non-winning tickets for a second-chance drawing, they could receive gift cards, autographed jerseys, season tickets or an exclusive trip package." Vasquez prefers scratch-off tickets that offer second-chance drawings. He says the key is not to give up. "You have to keep at it." His attitude helped him receive a Dallas Cowboys "Wild Weekend" package which features a suite for 20 people at a Dallas Cowboys home game, a private tour of the Dallas Cowboys practice facility at Valley Ranch and Cowboys Stadium, a pre-game party for 20 at the stadium and airfare and hotel accommodations for him and 19 of his closest friends and relatives.

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

Mohammad and Hunt each won a pair of season tickets between the 30-yard lines for every Cowboys home game next season. "I'm very, very excited," said Mohammad. "I'll go and enjoy each game." Each of the three men says the secret to winning is playing the Games of Texas. "Play on!" Hunt said. Six of the 12 Dallas Cowboys top prizes of $250,000 remain unclaimed. Overall odds of winning any cash prize are one in 3.47, including break-even prizes. Players who don't win instantly can enter the second chance drawings by filling out the back of each non-winning ticket, affixing a first-class stamp and mailing the ticket. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $12 million. Saturday's Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $51 million, and the Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $13 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official website at www.txlottery.org. ###

