from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

NEWS
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Thursday, January 08, 2009

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

UPS EMPLOYEE IN AMARILLO DELIVERS HIMSELF A TEXAS RANGER LIMITED EDITION CHOPPER, BY WAY OF TEXAS LOTTERY® INSTANT GAME
(AUSTIN) ­ As a driver for United Parcel Service (UPS), David "Brian" Melton of Amarillo has been making deliveries for eight years. For the last two years, the Texas Lottery® Claim Center has been on his route. Last week, he stopped in again not to pick up or deliver packages, but to claim his prize of a Texas Rangers Limited Edition Silver Series motorcycle. "I don't spend a lot of money on Lottery tickets, only every now and then, but I decided to buy this one when I was in the convenience store the day before Christmas and lots of people were at the counter buying lottery tickets," Melton said. "So I decided I would, too. I bought a Lotto Texas Quick Pick and one scratch ticket." Melton returned to his truck on his lunch break and scratched the Texas Ranger Limited Edition Silver Series instant ticket. "I called my wife right away, as soon as I realized the number `38' with the image of the chopper beneath it matched one of the winning numbers," he said. "I had one stop left to make, then I was going to punch out and go home with my scratch ticket to show my wife and kids." In addition to making deliveries to the Texas Lottery Claim Center, Melton also makes deliveries to the Harley-Davidson distributorship in Amarillo.

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"I'm not a stranger to Harleys, either," Melton said. "I've been on them before and I've also been a dirt-bike rider, so my new chopper won't be something I'm not familiar with." Melton also said everyone at work is excited for him. "Everybody knows that I won the chopper," he said. "They're happy for me, and they're also saying that now they actually know someone who won a big prize in the Texas Lottery. Now that I've won this prize, I'll keep on playing. I've already got a Mega Millions Quick Pick." "The Texas Lottery Commission congratulates Mr. Melton on claiming one of the most unique top prizes ever offered by the agency," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "It'll take a few months to construct Mr. Melton's prize, but he'll know exactly where he can pick it up. It's on his route." This is the fifth chopper to be claimed in this game. There is one chopper left in the game to be claimed, as well as another chopper that will be awarded through a second-chance drawing. Melton purchased the ticket at the Toot-n-Totum #12, 3365 S. Bell Street, in Amarillo. Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $16 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $8 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org.

...

