NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Thursday, January 11, 2007

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEXAS TWO STEP® WINNER CLAIMS PRIZE OF $1.15 MILLION AT TEXAS LOTTERY® HEADQUARTERS
(AUSTIN) ­ Glenda Evans of Denton made her husband put his hand on the bible when he told her that she had really won $1,150,000 and that he'd put her top-prize-winning Texas Two Step® ticket in a safe deposit box at the bank. "I never saw the ticket, so I thought he might be telling me a fib," she said. "He called me from work during his lunch hour and asked me if I was sitting down, and I immediately thought something had happened to someone in the family, but that wasn't it. Then he told me that my Two-Step ticket had the same numbers as the ones drawn. So when he came home that night, after he'd put the ticket in a box at the bank, I made him show me the keys to the safe deposit box and put his hand on the bible." The numbers she's been playing have no significance, according to Evans, who plays Texas Two Step only off and on. "They're just a wild guess." For Fred Evans, telling his wife about her ticket had him all a-quiver. "I had a print-out of the numbers drawn, so when I saw them and my wife's ticket together, I just started to shake," he said. "Even after we hung up the phone, I sat in my truck shaking. I went to the bank and put the ticket away. After that, though, I've been pretty cool, just relaxed." The Evans' daughter, Chrystal, was asleep at the time her mother received the big phone call, but not so deeply that she couldn't hear her mother repeating on the phone what her father was saying to her.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"I heard enough to wake up completely," she said. "It got me out of bed." "This is what winning can do to you," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "It can shake you up, wake you up and even get someone to make you put your hand on a Bible. Texas Two Step, like many of our games, has a loyal following among players, as you can see in this case of Mrs. Evans, who has played the same numbers off and on that she essentially pulled out of the air." The Evans family says they may purchase a new home with their prize. Evans bought the ticket at the Cracker Barrel Food Store, located at 410 Coronado Drive in Denton. The drawing occurred on Thursday, December 7, 2006. The numbers drawn were 8-31-4-24, and the bonus ball was 32. The winner requested minimal publicity. Tonight's Texas Two Step is worth $225,000. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $12 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $24 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

...

