TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, Jan.11, 2013 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION APPROVES UPDATES TO LOTTO TEXAS® GAME
Changes include new add-on feature, Extra!
(AUSTIN) ­ The three-member Texas Lottery Commission unanimously approved game rule changes for Lotto Texas® during a meeting held today at Texas Lottery® headquarters in Austin. The current Lotto Texas game matrix, which allows players to pick six numbers from a field of 54, will remain the same. The first drawing under the new rule is expected to occur on April 17, 2013, and Lotto Texas players will be able to purchase tickets for the updated game beginning on April 14. The first of the approved amendments to the Lotto Texas game rule introduces Extra!, a new add-on game feature. For an additional $1 per play, Extra! will allow players to increase their prize amount for matching three, four or five of six numbers. Additionally, Lotto Texas players who match two numbers will automatically win a $2 prize if they purchased the Extra! add-on feature. Another approved modification will change the length of the annuitized prize-payment period from 25 years to 30 years. "Lotto Texas has been our flagship draw game for more than 20 years now and it's still a favorite with players across Texas," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "We believe players will enjoy the new add-on feature and look forward to generating more revenue for the Foundation School Fund." About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated more than $20 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $39 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed more than $14 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

Lotto Texas rule/page 2

The Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Mega Millions®, Powerball®, Lotto Texas, All or NothingTM, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org. ###

