from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

NEWS
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Friday, January 16, 2009

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

MORRIS FAMILY TRUST CLAIMS $2.9 MILLION LOTTO TEXAS® CHRISTMAS EVE JACKPOT
(AUSTIN) ­ A yen for a diet coke led Delbert Morris to make the short walk from his office to the Sam Food Mart on Christmas Eve. While there, and just because he felt like it, he bought one Lotto Texas® ticket for that night's drawing. "The fact that I won this prize with the one ticket that I bought makes me believe that it's just the luck of the draw," Morris said. "But I didn't find out until Christmas Day that my ticket matched all the numbers that were drawn, that I'd won." The Morris Family Trust, Delbert Eugene Morris, Trustee, of Arlington, has claimed its share of the $8 million Lotto Texas Christmas Eve jackpot. The second ticket to match the drawn numbers was sold in San Antonio and has not been redeemed. The prize claimed by the winner is $2.9 million, the Cash Value Option amount before taxes. Morris said he checked his numbers four times Christmas Day on the Internet. "The numbers were the same each time," he said. "By the end of the day, even though I thought I'd won, I was numb." Although Morris hasn't made up his mind how he plans to celebrate his win, he studies the market every day with an eye toward investing.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"I study the market two hours a day every day," he said. "Things are really interesting right now, so I plan to take my time before I do any investing." In addition to watching the ups and downs of the markets, Morris is contemplating a trip "down under." "I like the idea of going to Australia or New Zealand," he said. "It'll probably be a year before I make that trip, however." The only persons to whom Morris has revealed anything about his win are the clerk at the store where he bought the ticket and his boss at work. "I had to tell my boss, so he could find a replacement for me," he said. "I gave him notice right at the beginning of the year, so in just a few days I won't be there anymore. But I'll have other things to work on after I quit my job." "It appears that Mr. Morris is going to sit back and contemplate what he really wants to do with his prize," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "We wish him the best on his trip to New Zealand or Australia, wherever he decides to vacation." Morris kept the ticket hidden in a pile of bills on his desk. "I figured nobody was going to look for it in the middle of a bunch of bills," he said. The store where he purchased the ticket, Sam Food Mart, 100 Booth Calloway Road, in Hurst, is eligible to receive a bonus of one percent of the prize. That amount is $40,000. The numbers drawn were 11--28--32--49--51--53. The other ticket sold in San Antonio also is a Quick Pick and has the Cash Value Option. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $12 million. Tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $10 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery®, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org.

...

