NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Wednesday, January 24, 2007

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

FUN AND MAGIC FRONT AND CENTER FOR GALLATIN MAN WHO IS TRUSTEE FOR WINNER OF MONTHLY BONUS TOP PRIZE FROM THE TEXAS LOTTERY®
(AUSTIN) ­ The Hanson Family Trust, Curtis Wayne Hanson, trustee, today collected the top prize of $10,000 per month for 20 years in the Texas Lottery® scratch-off game, Monthly Bonus. The trustee charmed Lottery employees with magic tricks while claiming the prize on behalf of the trust. Hanson said he bought the ticket in Jacksonville on his way home from his job at the Silver Leaf Lake Palestine resort. "I called my wife on the phone and told her I had something very serious to tell her," he said. "When I told her what it was, she didn't believe me, she kept saying, `Stop teasing me,' but she paid attention." "My husband's always kidding and joking, and he's known for it, so, no, I didn't believe him," said Darnell Hanson. "He made me guess the amount he'd won, and as I kept going up from $100 to $500 to $1,000, then from that to $5,000, he said, `Try $10,000 a month for 20 years.'" At home, Hanson and his wife looked at the ticket until they couldn't look at it anymore. They stashed it in a side drawer in one of their furniture pieces until they could get it to the bank for safe deposit. "Thank God we were finally able to get here, we can get some rest now," Mrs. Hanson said. "While the ticket was in the house, we'd get up in the middle of the night to go see it, or we'd ask each other in bed if the ticket really said what we thought it said. Then, we'd have to get up and go look at it again."
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

Hanson says the funds in the trust will be used to plan for the lives of his children and grandchildren. He also plans to help out his church, the Gallatin Missionary Baptist Church, where he once served as music director for 10 years. "I'm going to celebrate my win by paying for a hair cut," he said. "My wife has been cutting my hair for more than 30 years, so I'm going to a barber shop to buy myself a haircut and find out what that's like." "Focusing on family and faith is a wonderful way to think about using a Lottery prize," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "Mr. Hanson also provided Lottery employees with some entertaining moments showing all of us some of his magic tricks. This, in fact, may be a first for us; no one recalls ever having had a winner perform magic tricks while collecting a prize." While at Lottery headquarters, Hanson and his wife, as well as their children, Ronda and Keenan and his wife, Pam, kidded with each other. Hanson and his wife are high school sweethearts. "My wife used to do my biology homework for me," he said. "The teacher always used to ask her how long she had stayed up drawing dissected animals and finishing my homework for me." "I saw him for the first time when I was walking down the hall in high school while he was in a classroom sitting on a table instead of his desk entertaining the other students," she said. "I thought to myself that I really had to get to know him, and then, after we got to know each other, we fell in love." Hanson bought the ticket at the Thompson Oil/Fas-Fil #1, located at 1517 E. Rusk in Jacksonville. The store is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for having sold the ticket. The trustee told Lottery employees that as gas prices have gone up, his have not.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"I always win something, and I've usually been able to pay for my gas with my lottery winnings while I'm still at the store," he said. "Besides, I like to buy lottery tickets because anything that benefits public education, I'm for." While at Lottery headquarters, Hanson purchased another Monthly Bonus ticket from an instant ticket vending machine and won $500. Hanson's daughter-in-law said there are still numerous disbelievers back home. "I think lots of his friends are almost expecting him to come back home today and tell everybody he was just kidding about winning this big prize." This is the first of three top prizes to be claimed in this game. Tonight's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $28 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

... Note to editors: A photograph of Curtis Wayne Hanson is available in jpg format by contacting Leticia Vasquez at leticia.vasquez@lottery.state.tx.us, 512-344-5208.

