TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, January 25, 2012 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

ALAMO CITY ELVISTM PLAYER SET TO SAY "ALOHA" AFTER SECOND-CHANCE DRAWING WIN
(Austin) ­ Longtime scratch-off player Willie Daniels of San Antonio knows that not every ticket is a winner. But thanks to the Texas Lottery® Luck Zone, Daniels now also knows that sometimes you can win even when you don't scratch off a prize. Daniels won an autographed Houston Texans jersey last year in a second-chance drawing for the Houston Texans game. Monday, Daniels claimed an even bigger prize--a Hawaiian vacation--after entering a non-winning ticket in a second-chance drawing for the $2 ElvisTM game. The Hawaii Vacation Trip was the top prize available in the second of five second-chance drawings for Elvis. Daniels is planning to take his wife along with him for their 16th anniversary. "I've been hoping to win some Houston Texans tickets, but I think my wife will be a lot more excited about going to Hawaii," said Daniels. They'll have two Hawaii Vacation Trip prize options to choose from--a seven-day Norwegian Cruise Line cruise for two or a six-night Waikiki vacation for two. Both options include two officially licensed Elvis® merchandise prize packs, $1,000 in spending money, round-trip airfare from a Texas international airport to Honolulu, and more. "Congratulations to Mr. Daniels; it sounds like he and his wife will have an anniversary to remember," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "We encourage all of our scratch-off players to visit the Luck Zone on our website to see which games offer secondchance drawings for non-winning tickets." (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) The Elvis scratch-off game features instant prizes ranging from $2 to $20,000. Players who don't win instantly can enter their non-winning tickets in second-chance drawings online at www.txlottery.org/luckzone. In addition to the Hawaii Vacation Trips (one per drawing), other prizes include officially licensed Elvis® merchandise prize packs containing framed "Viva Las Vegas" collectibles, duffel bags, neon clocks, framed mirrors and music CDs. The next secondchance drawing for the Elvis game is scheduled for February 9, with an entry deadline of February 3. Currently, in addition to Elvis, players may also visit the Texas Lottery Luck Zone to enter their non-winning Dallas Cowboys and Houston Texans tickets for upcoming second-chance drawings. Tonight's Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $120 million, and the Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $16 million. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $12 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit www.txlottery.org. ###

