NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Monday, January 29, 2007

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

ENNIS RESIDENT DREAMILY WINS $1 MILLION PLAYING TEXAS LOTTERY® SCRATCH-OFF GAME, RUN THE TABLE
(AUSTIN) ­ Tommy Lee Dowell of Ennis had a dream the night of January 14 that he had a lot of money in his hands. The next day, he bought one ticket of the Texas Lottery® scratch-off game, Run The Table and saw his dream come true. "I was at home about 10 p.m. when I scratched the ticket and started yelling for my mother and my sister to come to the bedroom to see the ticket," he said. "I almost hit the ceiling I was so excited." Dowell's sister, Shirley, ran to the back of the house with their mother thinking something was wrong with her brother. "I thought he had gotten sick, that something had happened to him back there," she said. "Then, after we saw the ticket and quit yelling and hollering about the prize, I reminded him about that dream." Dowell told his mother to put the ticket with its $1 million prize in her purse, where it remained until the morning when the winner came to Lottery headquarters in Austin to claim the prize. He was accompanied by his sister and a brother, Philip. The new winner said he plans to help out his mother and his family first with his prize and then buy his fiancée a new car. "I'm also going to buy myself a home," he said. "Then I'm going to let this money make me more money by saving and investing it."
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"This is not the first time we've had a player who dreamt about having a large amount of money in their hands, who then wound up winning a large lottery prize," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "Mr. Dowell also has the right idea about saving his prize and helping out his family, which are great things to do." Dowell is a maintenance supervisor with the Ennis Independent School District. He also said he has won Texas Lottery prizes in the past, including a top prize of $21,000 in another scratch-off game. He purchased the ticket at the Kwick Pick Grocery, 907 N. Kaufman Street in Ennis. The store is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for having sold the ticket. Besides offering a top prize of $1 million, Run The Table also has numerous lower-tier prizes ranging from $20,000 down to the break-even amount of $25. This is the second of three top prizes to be claimed in this game. The winner requested minimal publicity. Tuesday's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $54 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $32 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

...

