NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Wednesday, February 14, 2007

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

HOUSTON RESIDENT WILL USE $1,000,000 MEGA BUCKS TOP PRIZE FROM TEXAS LOTTERY®TO ATTEND HOUSTON BAPTIST UNIVERSITY PHARMACY SCHOOL
(AUSTIN) ­ Since she was a little girl, Ebony Perry has wanted to become a pharmacist, and now she's going to make the most of her chance to do it. Perry won the top prize of $1 million playing $1,000,000 Mega Bucks from the Texas Lottery®. "I've been too nervous to focus on the tasks at hand since last Thursday when I bought this ticket," she said. "I'm going to share my prize with my family and go to pharmacology school at Houston Baptist University." Perry has been working at a Houston HEB grocery store saving her money to pay for her tuition. She has to have wheels, however, to get herself to class. "To get to school, I'm going to buy a Dodge Charger," she said. "We've said this before and it bears repeating, and that is that there is no better way to spend a lottery prize than on furthering your education," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "There's something rather special about winning a lottery prize that will go directly to pay for a university education when the lottery itself exists to generate funds to benefit public education." Perry is an infrequent Lottery player and bought a ticket at a retail location near her home only because she was accompanying her aunt, Erma, who was buying a Lotto Texas® ticket. They were on their way to eat a Subway sandwich.

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"While I was waiting around, I bought one of these tickets and won a prize, so I bought a couple more of the same game," she said. "It was on the last ticket I bought that I found the million-dollar prize." By her own testimony, Perry says her excitement level shot through the ceiling. "I was jumping around and jumping around the store," she said. "I was too excited to even let go of the ticket so my aunt Erma could take a look at it. When we finally got out of the store nearly half an hour later, I was too excited to focus on the sandwich. I don't remember eating it, either." Since then, it's been too difficult to think about much else, even at work. The ticket, however, has been safely stashed away in her Aunt Erma's purse. "What I've wanted to do since I was a little girl, I now have the opportunity to do," she said. "It's been hard to think about anything else but that." Perry bought the ticket at the Shop N Go, 1100 Wilcrest Street, Suite 250, in Houston. The store is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for having sold the ticket. This is the first of three top prizes in this game to be claimed. The winner requested minimal publicity. Tonight's Lotto Texas jackpot is worth an estimated $39 million. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $130 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

...

