TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, February 18, 2011 CONTACT: Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

DALLAS COWBOYS "DRAFT PARTY TRIP" AWAITS RECENT DRAWING WINNER FROM SOUTH TEXAS
(Austin) ­ Manuel Castillo of Weslaco and one lucky guest will spend draft day in the Dallas Cowboys War Room. Castillo won a trip for two in a recent Texas Lottery® secondchance drawing. A non-winning Dallas Cowboys scratch-off ticket, which he sent in for the drawing, was pulled for one of the two "Draft Party Trip" packages awarded. "It's great," said Castillo. "I'll enjoy it." The Dallas Cowboys "Draft Party Trip" for two package includes: · The opportunity to go inside the War Room on Draft Day for an inside look at the Dallas Cowboys draft player evaluation and strategies by Jerry Jones · · · Transportation on the Dallas Cowboys Luxury Bus to the official Dallas Cowboys Draft Party Two VIP Passes to the Dallas Cowboys Draft Party Travel and hotel accommodations for two

"We are proud to be working with this first-rate team in offering their namesake game," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "With autographed jerseys, gift cards, season tickets and exciting trips, the Dallas Cowboys second-chance drawing offers something for every Cowboys fan." The Dallas Cowboys game features more than $39 million in instant prizes. Overall odds of winning any cash prize are one in 3.47, including break-even prizes. Five top prizes of $250,000 and eight second-tier prizes of $5,000 remain unclaimed.

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) Players who do not win instantly can enter the second-chance drawing by filling out the back of each non-winning ticket, affixing a first-class stamp and mailing. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $52 million. Saturday's Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $126 million, and the Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $25 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official website at www.txlottery.org. ###

