NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Tuesday, February 20, 2007

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

CLERK TELLS DALLAS MAN IT'S HIS "LUCKY DAY;" PLAYER WINS $500,000 THAT NIGHT IN MEGA MILLIONS® AND FIVE DAUGHTERS EACH GET SHARE OF THE PRIZE
(AUSTIN) ­ As Robert Arterberry Jr. was buying his tickets for the Mega Millions® drawing on February 9, the clerk at the store gave him a tip along with his change; "This is your lucky day." "Well, it wouldn't be the first time I've heard that, but even I thought the same thing when I was going to the store," Arterberry said. "I had been at my brother-in-law's barber shop that day, like I am every week, just to talk. He reminded me as I was leaving not to forget to buy my tickets for that night. That's when I thought to myself that it might be a lucky day for me." Arterberry stopped in at his regular haunt, the Shop N Go, 1909 South Central Expressway in Dallas, to make his weekly purchase. "I bought eight Quick Pick tickets and megaplied only the last one," he said. "And it was that last one that matched five of the six numbers in that night's drawing." The prize for matching five of the six numbers drawn is $250,000. Since Arterberry purchased the Megaplier® feature, which allows a player to multiply a non-jackpot-winning prize by two, three or four times, he was able to multiply the $250,000 by two, the Megaplier number drawn for that night. Arterberry didn't know it, though, until the next morning when he was reading the Dallas Morning News.

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"Gertha, my wife, kept telling me to let her see the ticket," he said. "First thing she did was call our five daughters. You can imagine what they said to her on the phone, especially after she told them that they would each receive $20,000." His daughters won't be the only ones to benefit from his largesse. "I'm going to give some money to my church, too," he said. "I'm a deacon in my church, but I'm not telling my pastor just yet that I won; I'm just going to make the donation." "Sharing a significant prize is always a great thing, especially when you're sharing it with your family and your church," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "The Megaplier feature has made it possible for players to make a great prize of $250,000 even greater." Arterberry kept the ticket in his billfold the entire time before coming to the Lottery's Dallas Claim Center. "That way, there was no question about where it might be." He said he's not sure what he and his wife are going to do with the rest of their prize. "She doesn't know what to think, she's just happy about it, like me," he said. "We'll probably save our money." Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $150 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $42 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

...

