NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Monday, February 27, 2006

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

LOTTO TEXAS® CHANGES APPROVED; NEW GAME BEGINS IN APRIL
(AUSTIN) ­ The Texas Lottery Commission today moved to adopt changes to the Texas Lottery® Lotto Texas® game. Sales for the new game, in which players will choose six numbers from a field of 54, will begin April 23. Commission Chairman, C. Tom Clowe, asked for the vote approval after staff deliberated many other game scenarios for much of today's meeting in Austin. "While there may not be an immediate and `magic' fix to the decline of our Lotto Texas game, I feel it's our responsibility to take action today to remove the one feature we've heard players disapprove of the most, the bonus ball feature, and change Lotto Texas back to a pick-six game." Staff recommended that the Lotto Texas play-style change to allow players to pick six numbers from a field of 54. Players matching three-of-six numbers will win a guaranteed prize of $3. Those matching four-of-six or five-of-six numbers will share in a pari-mutuel prize payout amount (approximately $50 and $2,000, respectively). The odds of winning the jackpot will be 1 in 25.8 million and overall odds of winning any prize will be 1 in 71. Acting Executive Director, Anthony J. Sadberry, told commissioners his belief is the changes strike a balance between what players had written in public comments and the fiduciary responsibility the agency has to creating revenue for the state.

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"These changes will enable the jackpot amounts to increase by a higher amount in a shorter period of time, because we will be allocating a significant amount of sales to that prize level," Sadberry explained. "This, in turn, helps drive sales, therefore increasing revenue to the state." The commissioners also changed part of the new Lotto Texas rule to round prize amounts to the nearest whole dollar, effectively changing a nearly 14-year practice of rounding down prize amounts by the nearest whole dollar. The Texas Lottery Commission took in nearly 1,500 comments submitted by the public from December 2005 through January 2006. General consensus among the comments revealed players' discontent with the bonus ball feature of the current Lotto Texas game. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

...
The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

