TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Tuesday, March 1, 2011 CONTACT: Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477

Media Relations, 512-344-5131
 

CLEBURNE RESIDENT JUMPING FOR JOY AFTER

DALLAS COWBOYS SECOND-CHANCE DRAWING
(Austin) ­ When Lyla Knick of Cleburne received notification that she had won the "Wild Weekend" package in a recent Dallas Cowboys second-chance drawing, she jumped for joy. "I feel incredibly lucky," said Knick. "I'm going to have a great time with friends and family." One "Wild Weekend" package is available in each Dallas Cowboys second-chance drawing. Other prizes include gift cards, autographed jerseys, season tickets and a "Draft Party Trip." This win will allow Knick to take 19 guests on a one-of-kind trip to a Dallas Cowboys home game featuring all of the following amenities:     A suite for the game Private tours of the Dallas Cowboys practice facility at Valley Ranch and the new Dallas Cowboys Stadium A pre-game party at the stadium Travel and hotel accommodations

"The Dallas Cowboys game has five instant-win top prizes of $250,000 and eight second-tier prizes of $5,000, which currently remain unclaimed," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "Players who don't win instantly can send in their non-winning tickets for a second chance to win. That's what Ms. Knick did, and it certainly worked out well for her."

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

 

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)
 

With more than $39 million in cash prizes, the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off features overall odds of one in 3.47, including break-even prizes. To enter the second-chance drawing, players can fill out the back of each non-winning ticket, affix a first-class stamp and mail. Having enjoyed Texas Lottery® games for seven years, Knick has one simple piece of advice for other players. "You've got to play to win." Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $88 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $28 million, and the Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $20 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official website at www.txlottery.org.  ###

