TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - December 18, 2001 Contact: Karen Kalergis, 512.344-5436, Kristina Tirloni, 512.344.5144

Texas Lottery Director names Special "Countdown Processing Team"
(Austin, December 18) - - Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Linda Cloud has named a special "Countdown Processing Team" to be standing by in case someone steps forward with the $13 million Lotto Texas jackpot ticket before it expires at midnight Thursday.

Speaking at Lottery headquarters in Austin, where the ticket needs to be presented, Cloud said, "This Lotto Texas ticket worth an estimated $13 million dollars will expire at midnight Thursday. I've appointed members of my staff to be available until midnight, so that if the winner comes forward, we will be prepared to begin the process immediately so valuable time is not wasted." This standby team -- made up of lottery representatives from the claims center, security division and communications staff -will be waiting at lottery headquarters with fingers crossed and ready to spring into action just in case. In asking for the public's help to resolve the fate of this ticket, Cloud said her message is simple and straightforward: "Time is running out." "From this point on, it's really a race against the clock," said Cloud. "If that ticket doesn't show up by midnight, this becomes a Cinderella story -- and it's not the good part where she gets to go to the ball, but the part where the magic ends at midnight, and her carriage turns back into a pumpkin." "This ticket -- worth $7.3 million now -- will be just a worthless piece of paper to the player. To avoid that, three main things have to happen quickly:

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=254 (1 of 2)12/14/2006 4:00:25 PM

TxLottery: News Release

q q q

The ticket must be located immediately. The ticket must be delivered to lottery headquarters in Austin no later than Thursday. And the proper claim form, identification required from the winner and the ticket itself must be in the possession of lottery officials -- before time runs out at midnight."

While the identity of who has the ticket is still unknown, lottery officials said they know this much about the ticket:
q q q q q

It was purchased for the June 23rd drawing. It was purchased at the Copperfield Liquor Store # 6, in the Humble-Atascocita area, outside Houston. The buyer selected the Cash Value Option, making the ticket worth $7.3 million until December 20 at midnight. The ticket was a Quick Pick and matched all 6 numbers drawn. The winning numbers printed on the ticket are: 10-12-16-25-29-41.

"This could be a really nice stocking stuffer for someone, " said Cloud. "All of us here at the Texas Lottery would really like to see someone claim this prize." Cloud encouraged people to take a minute and ask themselves a few questions, which could be worth a lot of money. Were you in the Houston-Humble area six months ago? Did you buy a Lotto Texas ticket and stick it in the glove box of your car -- or that junk drawer at home? Or possibly, since this ticket was purchased shortly after the devastating floods caused by tropical storm Allison -- were you in that area as part of a rescue effort and the ticket may be hiding in your old poncho or raincoat hung up to dry -- and forgotten until this moment? While everyone's thinking "winter wonderland" as the holidays draw near, it might be worth a few minutes to do some early spring cleaning -- just in case! Cloud noted that if you find the ticket, the "Countdown Processing Team" will be waiting for you until midnight Thursday at 611 East 6th Street in downtown Austin. If the ticket is not turned in before the deadline, the money goes to the unclaimed prize fund. Since September 1, 1999, unclaimed prize money is transferred to the Multicategorical Teaching Hospital Account, which funds indigent healthcare at UTMB-Galveston and other healthcare facilities throughout the state. Up to $40 million each biennium can be transferred to the Teaching Hospital Account. Any amount over the $40 million is transferred to the Tertiary Care Facility Account. To date, the only Lotto Texas jackpot to go unclaimed was from the October 26, 1994 drawing. A ticket was sold in Flower Mound and was not claimed by April 25, 1995, the 180-day deadline. That ticket was worth $12.4 million. - 30 .... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org -30-

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=254 (2 of 2)12/14/2006 4:00:25 PM

