TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, March 4, 2013 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

THE TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION SUPPORTS NATIONAL PROBLEM GAMBLING AWARENESS WEEK
(AUSTIN) ­ The Texas Lottery Commission joins communities nationwide this week to observe the 11th annual National Problem Gambling Awareness Week (NPGAW) March 3-9. The theme of this year's campaign is "Problem Gambling: A New Understanding of a Community Concern," and the goal is to educate the general public and health care professionals about the warning signs of problem gambling, and raise awareness about the help that is available both locally and nationally. "We always encourage our players to play responsibly," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "We want to make sure people know that there is hope and help for those who suffer from gambling problems." Charitable Bingo Operations Division Director Sandra Joseph added, "We urge everyone to seek out the readily available help and resources if you think you or someone you know may have a gambling problem." Anyone with concerns about this issue can reach a nationwide problem gambling help line at 1-800-522-4700. Help is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Additional information about NPGAW can be found at www.npgaw.org. The Texas Lottery® includes its "Play Responsibly" message on tickets, brochures and the agency's website, which offers links to a variety of resources.

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

NPGAW /page 2

About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $20 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $40 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $15 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. The Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball®, Mega Millions®, Lotto Texas®, All or NothingTM, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratchoffs. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org. ###

