NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Friday, March 6, 2009

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

WESTBROOK RESIDENT WINS FINAL INSTANT-WIN BIKE; SECOND-CHANCE DRAWING ANNOUNCED
(AUSTIN) ­ After less than six months on the market, The Texas Ranger Limited Edition Silver Series scratch-off awarded its last instant-win motorcycle. Maxey Ware of Westbrook purchased his winning ticket at the Just Stop located at 5889 W. Interstate Highway 20 in Colorado City. His claim leaves one remaining Texas Ranger Limited Edition Silver Series motorcycle available to be won in a second-chance drawing on April 28. "Excitement surrounded this game from day one, but the prize to be awarded in April may be the best so far," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "LDT Customs will allow the winner of the last drawing to choose a customized bike or the first motorcycle in the series, the same award-winning bike featured on the instant tickets."

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

Only 100 of the motorcycles, commissioned by the Texas Ranger Hall of Fame and Museum in Waco and designed by LDT Customs, Inc. of Vanderpool, will be produced. Each motorcycle winner's name will be engraved on a plaque to be permanently displayed at the Texas Ranger Hall of Fame and Museum in Waco. Winners also receive a five-year family pass to the museum and a certificate signed by an active duty or distinguished retired Captain of the Texas Rangers. Players who want a second chance to win can enter the final drawing by filling out the form on the back of each non-winning ticket, affixing a firstclass stamp and mailing the ticket. Entries in envelopes will not be accepted, and players must be at least 18 years old to enter. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $12 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $25 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery®, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ... The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

Note to Editors: To request a photograph of Maxey Ware in jpg format, please contact Robyn Smith at (512)344-5477 or Robyn.Smith@lottery.state.tx.us.

