FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, March 7, 2014 MEDIA CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131 mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

TEXAS LOTTERY® INTRODUCES NEW SCRATCHOFF GAME BENEFITING TEXAS VETERANS ­ ON THE MONEY

(AUSTIN) ­ Texas Lottery® retailers have begun selling On The Money, a new scratch-off game benefiting Texas veterans. Since 2009, the Texas Lottery has issued scratchoff games, including Veterans Cash and Veterans Winnings, to support the Fund for Veterans' Assistance which is administered by the Texas Veterans Commission. The Texas Veterans Commission Fund for Veterans' Assistance (FVA) awards reimbursement grants to eligible charitable organizations, local government agencies, and Veterans Service Organizations that provide direct services to Texas Veterans and their families. In fact, these organizations have served more than 150,000 veterans and their families in Texas. On The Money features more than $7 million in total prizes and overall odds of winning of one in 4.38. Players interested in finding the game in their area can use the Scratch-Off Game and Store Locator on the Texas Lottery website. About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $21 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $42 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $16 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance.

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

Texas Lottery Introduces New Scratch-off Game Benefiting Veterans/page 2

The Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball®, Mega Millions®, Lotto Texas®, All or NothingTM, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org.

About the Texas Veterans Commission

The mission of the Texas Veterans Commission is to advocate for and provide superior service to Veterans and their families in the areas of disability claims assistance, employment services, education benefits and grant funding. Over 200 skilled counselors in 75 cities provide one-on-one guidance to Veterans and their families to ensure they receive all of the benefits to which they are entitled. For more information about the Texas Veterans Commission Fund for Veterans' Assistance, please visit http://www.tvc.texas.gov/Fund-for-Veterans-Assistance.aspx.

###

