NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Thursday, March 08, 2007

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEXAS LOTTERY® REMINDS PLAYERS TO "PLAY RESPONSIBLY"
(AUSTIN) ­ The Texas Lottery Commission is joining nationwide efforts to recognize this week as National Problem Gambling Awareness Week. The goal of this campaign is to educate the general public and medical professionals about the warning signs of problem gambling and to raise awareness about the help that is available both locally and nationally. "For all of us at the Texas Lottery, `Play responsibly, it's just a game,' is more than just a slogan," said Anthony J. Sadberry, executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "It's a reminder, this week and throughout the year, to all of our players that the Games of Texas are intended strictly for fun. If you believe that you or someone you know may have a problem with gambling, we strongly urge you to seek assistance." National Problem Gambling Awareness Week is a collaborative effort of national and local organizations to increase public and professional awareness of problem gambling issues and availability of services to assist those affected by problem gambling. The Texas Lottery Commission Web site has links to a number of resources for problem gambling at http://www.txlottery.org/responsible.cfm. Among the resources are articles and publications from experts, and a questionnaire to help players assess whether they have a problem. The "Play Responsibly" message is printed on all Texas Lottery scratchoff tickets. "Play Responsibly. Remember, it's just a game." is featured on the online game tickets. (more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"We want make every effort to ensure that Texas Lottery players are getting the message about problem gambling," said Sadberry. "So in recognition of National Problem Gambling Awareness Week, let me say it one more time: The Texas Lottery Commission wants everyone to enjoy our games. Please remember to play responsibly." For more information about the Texas Lottery® or charitable bingo, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org and http://www.txbingo.org.

...

