NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Friday, March 14, 2008

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEXAS LOTTERY® WARNS TEXANS TO BE ON THE LOOK-OUT FOR LOTTERY SCAM LETTERS; REMINDS PLAYERS TO "PLAY RESPONSIBLY"
(AUSTIN) ­ The Texas Lottery Commission is warning Texans about bogus letters being sent to the elderly and disabled around the state telling them they've won a large sum of money in a foreign lottery. The letter instructs the recipient to cash the enclosed check and send money back to the sender in order to receive even more money. "As this is National Problem Gambling Awareness Week, this is a fitting time to remind all Texans to be on the lookout for these letters that, according to news reports, carry a bogus prize check from an alleged foreign lottery," said Anthony J. Sadberry, executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "Lottery scam letters are appearing in different parts of the country right now, and we encourage anyone in Texas who receives such a letter to remember that if it sounds too good to be true, then it probably is. And, if you haven't traveled in a foreign country, there is no way to have played in another country's lottery." In an effort to keep the public informed, the Texas Lottery has updated its Web site with a page devoted to lottery scams. The page includes tips for avoiding scams, as well as links for information on specific issues such as the Latin Lotto Scam and fake foreign lotteries. "This also serves as a reminder, this week and throughout the year, to all of our players to remember to play responsibly. The Games of Texas are intended strictly for fun. If you believe that you or someone you know may have a problem with gambling, we strongly urge you to seek assistance." (more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

The Texas Lottery Commission also oversees the licensing, accounting and audit operations of Charitable Bingo activities in Texas. "I'd like to echo Director Sadberry's comments for all of our state's Charitable Bingo players," said Phil Sanderson, director of Charitable Bingo. "Bingo is a great social activity for players all over our state, but any time it goes beyond being a fun and entertaining game, we want them to know that help is available." National Problem Gambling Awareness Week is a collaborative effort of national and local organizations to increase public and professional awareness of problem gambling issues and availability of services to assist those affected by problem gambling. The Texas Lottery Commission Web site has links to a number of resources for problem gambling at http://www.txlottery.org. Click on the Play Responsibly logo at the bottom of the homepage. Among the resources are articles and publications from experts, and a questionnaire to help players assess whether they have a problem. The Texas Lottery also prints the "Play Responsibly" message on all of its online and scratch-off tickets. "We certainly want make every effort to ensure that Texas Lottery players are getting the message about problem gambling," said Sadberry. "So in recognition of National Problem Gambling Awareness Week, let me say it one more time: The Texas Lottery Commission wants everyone to enjoy our games. Please remember to play responsibly!" For more information about the Texas Lottery® or Charitable Bingo, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org and http://www.txbingo.org.

...
The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

