NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Thursday, March 20, 2008

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

UNWANTED SCRATCH-OFF BRINGS KERMIT PLAYER $1 MILLION PRIZE
(AUSTIN) ­DeLonda Kennedy was dissatisfied with the choices of Texas Lottery® scratch-off tickets available to her at the Kent-Kwik convenience store where her husband stopped to buy a few tickets on their way home from dining at El Joey's Mexican Restaurant. Using the $50 break-even prize her husband won on one of the $50 tickets, she bought one $25 ticket, a $20 ticket and one for $5. "I kept looking at the $1 Million Cash ticket to make sure that I was really seeing what I thought I was seeing, and then I asked my husband if I needed to have one number or two or three on this ticket to win the big prize," she said. "He said I needed only one, and that's when I started jumping up and down and crying right outside the store." Her husband, David P. Kennedy, who claimed the prize, kept a cool head and told his wife to calm down. "I got the ticket from her because she was practically hyperventilating, and I made sure she didn't scratch one more thing on it," he said. "When we took it in to the clerk to have her run it through the machine, well, her jaw just dropped." News travels almost at the speed of light in Kermit, being that it's a town of 5,000.

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"The clerk called her boss to tell him that the store had sold a ticket with a $1 million prize on it," he said. "This was last night, and already they've got a photograph of my wife and me in there as their newest winners. So lots of people know now because we've been receiving congratulatory phone calls this morning. Plus, we told two of our daughters. One of them thought it was an early April Fool's joke; I had to reassure her that it was not." En route to Austin to collect their prize of $750,000 after taxes, the Kennedys decided on the first thing they're going to do with the money. "We're going to set up a trust fund for our grandkids so they can go to college when they're 18 or they can wait until they're 21 and take the money then," Kennedy said. "I'm going to invest the rest after I buy my wife a new Tahoe and do some remodeling in the kitchen." "This is one of the best, if not the best thing our winners can do with a significant prize, which is to set money aside for a college education," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "The Texas Lottery's mission is to generate funds for the Foundation School Fund, so it is always especially appropriate when we learn that our winners are setting prize money aside to educate their children and grandchildren." DeLonda Kennedy still wasn't sure even after she claimed her prize that this had really happened to her and her husband. "Winning this kind of prize happens to other people, not to people like us from Kermit, Texas," she said. "It's real, though, and I want other people to know that it can happen." Kennedy purchased the ticket at the Kent Kwik #271, 423 W. Austin, in Kermit. The retailer is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling this ticket.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $83 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $11 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

