TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, March 21, 2012 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us
 

LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD FOR TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION'S EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Gary Grief receives 2012 Major Peter J. O'Connell Lottery Industry Lifetime Achievement Award  
  (AUSTIN) ­ Public Gaming International Magazine today presented the 2012 Major Peter J. O'Connell Lottery Industry Lifetime Achievement Award to Gary Grief, executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission. The award was presented at the SMART-Tech conference in New York City. "In his career, Gary has exemplified the integrity and dedication for which this award was created to recognize," said Paul Jason, publisher of Public Gaming International Magazine. Created in 1993 to honor Major Peter J. O'Connell, the first director of the Rhode Island Lottery, recipients of the award are recognized for having distinguished themselves with their service to the lottery and for their important contributions to the success of lottery industry and the causes they support. Recipients are nominated and selected by their peers. "I want to congratulate Executive Director Grief for his well-deserved award," said Mary Ann Williamson, chairman of the Texas Lottery Commission. "This recognition from his lotteryindustry peers merely confirms what we've known in Texas for a long time--Gary's knowledge, experience and leadership are unparalleled and, after more than two decades, remain an integral part of the continued success of the Texas Lottery."  Grief was appointed executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission in March 2010. As executive director, he oversees a $3.8 billion enterprise tasked with generating revenue for public education and other worthy causes for the state of Texas. Under Grief's leadership, the Texas Lottery has seen record sales and contributed more than $14 billion to the state's Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. With 20 years in the industry, Grief has been an integral part of the success of the Texas Lottery Commission since its inception. He was appointed in 1991, by the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts, to the original eight-member Lottery Task Force assigned to research and launch the (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

 

Award for Texas Lottery Commission's executive director/page 2  

Texas Lottery. In 1992, Grief assumed the role of statewide manager of claim centers, overseeing 24 field offices. Grief served in this role until 1997, when he accepted the position of director of lottery operations. While serving in this role, Grief received the 2002 "Powers Award" for Performance Excellence in Lottery Operations by the North American Association of State and Provincial Lotteries (NASPL). In 2002, Grief was appointed by the Commission to serve the first of what would be three separate terms as acting executive director. He served in this capacity from September 2002 to February 2003, from July 2005 to January 2006, and from October 2008 to February 2010. Between and after these appointments, Grief served as deputy executive director until his official appointment as executive director in 2010. A native Texan, Grief is a graduate of the University of Texas at the Permian Basin where he earned a bachelor's degree in business administration. Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery® has generated more than $19 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $37 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed more than $14 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. Celebrating its 20th anniversary this year, the Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball®, Mega Millions®, Lotto Texas®, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit www.txlottery.org. ###

