NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Wednesday, March 25, 2009

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

ELSA RESIDENT WINS TOP PRIZE IN WEEKLY GRAND FROM THE TEXAS LOTTERY®
(AUSTIN) ­ Esperanza Farias of Elsa believes some things are meant to be, whether you call them a gift from heaven, a synchronicity or the simple fact of being in the right place at the right time. "I went to El Tigre Food Store in La Blanca with my daughter last week and bought two Weekly Grand tickets using the money I'd won playing another ticket," Farias said. "I was the next customer for Weekly Grand tickets after a man bought the last Weekly Grand ticket in the case, which won him $50. After that, he didn't want to buy any other tickets because he won that prize." The store clerk, who had sold Lottery tickets to her before, kidded her that he would "debut" a new pack just for her. "I bought the first two tickets in the new pack," Farias said. "One of those had the grand prize." The synchronistic part of this win, Farias believes, involves the number "16," which she believes played a prominent role in helping her win the prize. Recently a widow, Farias said her husband died on January 16. He was born in 1916. She bought the ticket on March 16.

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

The new winner said she plans to use her prize money, $1,040,000 before taxes, to help her son, Joel, with whom she lives, finish remodeling his home. She also plans to help out her other children. Farias has five sons and two daughters. "If you can help your children, then you should," she said. "Give what you have with love, even if it's very little, and God will remember it." She also plans to visit the shrine of La Virgen de San Juan del Valle in San Juan to give thanks. "I'm a person of great faith and I believe I have to give thanks again because I'm a cancer survivor, and now I've lived long enough to experience this, too," Farias said. Farias was born in Mexico, but has lived in this country for many years and just became a citizen of the United States in February. "I'm very proud of that," she said. "I love this wonderful country; it's given me the opportunity to raise my children well, and it's also given them opportunities to have jobs and live happily. I framed my citizenship document, and it's hanging in my son's house so everyone who comes in can see it." Farias said she plans to keep buying a few Lottery tickets every week. "My favorites are the scratch-offs, but I still buy two Lotto Texas tickets every week," she said. "Maybe a Lotto ticket will make me come back to Austin one day."

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"Weekly Grand continues to be one of the most popular games we've ever offered," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "Since we first issued the game in 1995, the game has gone through 20 reissues. This top prize of $1,040,000 was the fourth of the four offered in game number 1027." El Tigre Food Store #7 is located at 1342 E. Highway 107 in La Blanca. The store is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling this ticket. Tonight's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $6 million. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $34 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery®, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

