NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Tuesday, March 31, 2009

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

LOTTERY SCAMS POPPING UP IN SAN ANTONIO, HOUSTON, SOUTHEAST TEXAS
(AUSTIN) ­ The Texas Lottery Commission is warning players and the public in San Antonio, Houston and the Southeast Texas area to beware of phone calls, letters and emails purportedly from Texas Lottery® staff that tell recipients they're prize winners. "Emails and letters describing a lottery prize won by the recipient are false," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "We're asking that any recipient of an email describing a lottery prize not open it. The email may contain spyware, a computer virus or other viruses. Letters making the same claims and signed with the name of a current lottery staff member are also false. Report both to the local authorities, as well as to the Office of the Attorney General (OAG) and the Texas Lottery." In San Antonio, residents have reported receiving phone calls from alleged Texas Lottery staff telling them they've won a prize. Callers also ask for bank account numbers and other personal information. "The caller asks for a sum of money, a kind of `processing fee' that they claim will allow the `new winner' to collect a prize," Grief said. "It's important to remember that the Lottery never calls potential claimants to tell them they've won a prize.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"As far as the emails and letters are concerned, they may look authentic because they manifest the Texas Lottery logo, but there are always ways to tell it's a scam," Grief said. "For instance, if you haven't purchased a ticket, you can't win, or you know you couldn't have signed up for a promotion, and, what we usually see in these emails is that there are glaring examples of bad grammar and numerous misspellings." Emails also mention the names of alleged winners from other countries. Grief said if winners from other countries are mentioned, it's crucial to remember that the Texas Lottery doesn't sell tickets outside of Texas and doesn't participate in international promotional programs. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

