NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Tuesday, April 3, 2007

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

DENISON RESIDENT WINS 2nd TOP PRIZE IN CASH FIVE® WITH SYSTEM THAT'S BEEN WORKING FOR HIM
(AUSTIN) ­ Calvin McFadden of Denison has been playing Cash Five® for the last four years with great success, due to, he says, a system he's worked out. Saturday night's top prize of $32,769 is the second one he's won using his plan. "Ever since I retired four years ago, I've been researching the numbers that are drawn in Cash Five," he said. "I've studied the frequency of the numbers that come up, and with that, I've been able to choose numbers that have been proven winners for me." McFadden says he was attracted to Cash Five because it has the best odds of all the online games. For him, the combination of the odds and researching the numbers has really paid off. "With the odds of one in 435,897 for winning the top prize and even better odds of 1 in 88 for winning $3, it's rare that I don't win something, even if it's only two dollars," he said. "In fact, as I was reading the Dallas Morning News on Sunday morning checking my numbers, the first line on my ticket had two of the drawn numbers and the second had three, so I'd already won $14. When I saw the last line on my ticket, though, that's when I was really surprised because it had all the numbers that were shown in the newspaper."

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, continued)

"From time to time, we hear from a player that he or she has a system that works in winning at Lottery games," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "Clearly, Mr. McFadden has found something he believes will work for him, something that keeps him coming back." The last time McFadden won the top prize was in August of 2005. He was faithfully using his system then. He says he has won in the category of matching four-out-of-five numbers 23 times since he started. McFadden purchased the tickets at Driggs Discount Liquor #3, located at 3000 South Woodlawn in Denison. The store is eligible to receive a bonus of one percent of the top prize, which comes to $327.69. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $88 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $72 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

