TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, April 8, 2011 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

FORT WORTH RESIDENT HEADED TO LAS VEGAS, THANKS TO THE PRICE IS RIGHT® SCRATCH-OFF
(Austin) ­ Thomas Herdman says he can't wait to get to Las Vegas to be part of a special TexasLottery-winners-only occurrence of the legendary daytime show, The Price is Right®, a trip he won after sending in his non-winning The Price is Right® scratch-offs to a Texas Lottery® secondchance drawing. "Part of the prize I won is $1,000 in spending cash," Herdman said. "I told my wife that's like getting a paid vacation to Vegas. I'm a quiet kind of guy, but to say that I'm excited about this prize and being part of the show doesn't come close to how I feel." Herdman received a letter from the Texas Lottery informing him of his win. Rather than show the missive to his wife, he brought up the list of winners as shown on the Texas Lottery's official website and asked her to read the names of the latest winners. "She went bananas," he said. "Now she's taping The Price is Right that she makes me watch to give me a better idea of how to play when I'm there. She doesn't like to fly, so my brother is going with me, but she's helping me get ready to go. I've won prizes before playing other scratch-offs, but nothing like this. I'm very exclusive about what games I play, and I most enjoy the ones that offer second chances to win a prize." The prize offers a four-day, three-night trip for each prizewinner and a guest. During the show, prizewinners will be randomly chosen to "Come On Down" to Contestants' Row and bid on prizes. Additionally, four randomly selected winners will get a turn at the Big Money Wheel for an opportunity to win prizes from $1,000 to $1 million. (more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission News Release, continued) "This special Texas-only show is not for broadcast, but that doesn't diminish the excitement it's stirring up among our players, especially those who enjoy our second-chance drawings," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "Mr. Herdman's name was chosen in the first of the four second-chance drawings we have to send Texas players to play The Price Is Right. There are six winners per drawing. The last drawing will occur two weeks after the game's closing date is announced. It is after that when all 24 winners are chosen that the trip to Las Vegas will occur." Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $44 million. Tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $12 million, and the Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $20 million. There is more information about the Texas Lottery available on the official website, www.txlottery.org.
###

