NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Monday, April 9, 2007

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

SAN ANTONIO MAN WINS $250,000 WITH PROMOTIONAL MEGA MILLIONS® TICKET FROM THE TEXAS LOTTERY®
(AUSTIN) ­ Eduardo Oviedo took full advantage of a Texas Lottery® promotion of the Mega Millions® game, winning $250,000 on one of the two promotional tickets he received for having purchased $10-worth of tickets. "After buying the tickets last Friday, I put them in the console of the car and forgot about them," Oviedo said. "I checked the ticket in Monday's San Antonio Express-News, and like anybody else, I couldn't believe what I was seeing. I kept reading the numbers from right to left and then left to right to make sure I was reading the numbers correctly. I was only one number away from the Mega Ball, too." Oviedo is currently employed by the North East Independent School District in San Antonio. He is a civil service retiree and worked at Kelly Air Force Base. Additionally, he was a member of the Air Force Reserve. Oviedo turned 62 last Friday, the day he received the two free Mega Millions tickets. He is now contemplating retiring completely. "This prize will make me debt-free," Oviedo said. "I'm also going to pay off my mortgage and buy my wife the new house we've been talking about for some time. She deserves it; she is really the one who takes care of my 93-yearold mother who lives with us and has Alzheimer's disease, and the two of us also take care of my two little grand-daughters, while my son and daughter-in-law are at work. That's why I might retire completely, to help my wife out more."

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, continued)

Oviedo also says he plans to tithe to his church, City Christian Fellowship Church. "Our lottery winners often use their prizes to make life easier for their families, as Mr. Oviedo is planning to do, and it is certainly worth noting that family is first," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "Our Mega Millions promotion has been going on since March 25 and continues through April 14. Through noon on April 5, we had given out $376,412 in free tickets. Our promotion certainly paid off for Mr. Oviedo." "I got a big birthday present from the Lottery with those tickets," Oviedo said. "Even though the prize was on the free ticket, I still say you won't win unless you buy a ticket." He purchased his tickets at the West Avenue Express, 3202 West Avenue in San Antonio. Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $12 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $4 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

