TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, April 12, 2013 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

TEXANS HAVE AN EXTRA! WAY TO PLAY AND WIN LOTTO TEXAS®
Sales for Lotto Texas with Extra!TM start Sunday (AUSTIN) ­ Starting Sunday, Lotto Texas® players will have a chance to increase their non-jackpot winning prizes by playing the new add-on feature, Extra! For an additional $1 per play per drawing, Extra! will allow players to increase their prize amount for matching three, four or five of six numbers, and Lotto Texas players who match two numbers will win a $2 guaranteed prize. The existing Lotto Texas game matrix, in which players choose six of 54 numbers, will remain the same. The first Lotto Texas with Extra!TM drawing is Wednesday, April 17. "Lotto Texas has been our flagship draw game for more than 20 years and we believe players will enjoy Extra!," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "With this new add-on feature, we look forward to generating more revenue for the state." Also, beginning with the first drawing of Lotto Texas with Extra!, the annuity prize payment period for the game will change from 25 years to 30 years and the starting jackpot will begin at $5 million instead of the current starting jackpot of $4 million. If there are no jackpot winners for a drawing, the jackpot will roll in $250,000 increments.

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

Lotto Texas with Extra!/page 2

About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $20 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $40 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $15 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance.

The Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball®, Mega Millions®, Lotto Texas®, All or NothingTM, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org. ###

