 

TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Thursday, April 14, 2011 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

  ABILENE WOMAN LEARNS LAS VEGAS TRIP TOPIC OF LETTER SHE FIRST THOUGHT WAS JUNK MAIL
(Austin) ­ Debra Smith of Abilene finally opened a letter from the Texas Lottery® that she'd left lying around for an entire week, and then didn't believe what the letter said, that she had won a trip to Las Vegas to participate in a special Texas-only edition of The Price Is Right®. "I thought the letter was junk mail, and after I opened it, I thought it was a gimmick," Smith said. "I thought the letter was not from the Texas Lottery, that it only looked like it was, and then I was sure it was one of those things that's not real. When I really read the letter, was I surprised!" The letter stated what her prize entailed, a four-day, three-night trip for her and a guest, with a chance to be selected at random to sit in Contestants' Row and bid on prizes. Four winners selected at random will each get a turn at the Big Money Wheel for an opportunity to win prizes from $1,000 to $1 million. "Ms. Smith's name was drawn in the first of four second-chance drawings," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "We have two more scheduled, one coming up on May 3 and another one in June. The third has not been set and will depend on when the end-date of this game is scheduled. We expect the final drawing to occur two weeks after the end-date is determined." Smith said she sent in her The Price Is Right® tickets, never expecting to win anything. "I figured I didn't have anything to lose except the price of the postage stamps, and then I won this. Now I tell people that if they want to win, they better buy a ticket and then send in those second-chance tickets to the drawing. They might wind up with a chance to go to Las Vegas like me." (more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

 

(Texas Lottery Commission News Release, continued)
 

Tomorrow night's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $72 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $14 million, and the Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $43 million. There is more information about the Texas Lottery available on the official website, www.txlottery.org.
### 

 

