FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, April 16, 2014 MEDIA CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131 mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION DEFERS PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO BINGO RULES
(AUSTIN) A vote on proposed rule amendments regarding pull-tab bingo and card-minding systems has been deferred by the Texas Lottery Commission at the agency's meeting today. The Commission's five-member board oversees the state's regulation of Charitable Bingo. "With these proposed rules, the Commission was responding to the industry we regulate," said Texas Lottery Commission Chairman J. Winston Krause. "We studiously honor the statute, the Attorney General's opinions and the Texas Legislature on this and all matters. As this technology is something that the industry is interested in, and technological advancements are a part of good business practices, we recognize that the interest in this is not likely to go away, but we are going to defer the matter," said Chairman Krause.

The proposed amendment to rule 402.300, which governs pull-tab bingo, was requested by the Veterans of Foreign Wars-Department of Texas and K&B Sales, Inc. through petitions received by the Commission. The primary purposes of the requested amendments were to allow multi-play pull-tab tickets and to authorize video-confirmation for instant pull-tab prizes.

Pull-tab bingo games are played with paper tickets and are not played electronically. Videoconfirmation for instant pull-tab tickets involves a player using an electronic device to reveal whether the ticket is a winner. The proposed rule amendment would not have authorized the play of pull-tab tickets on an electronic device, only the utilization of an electronic device to reveal the paper pull-tab ticket's outcome. The Attorney General issued an opinion in 2008 stating that video-confirmation alone does not transform bingo into electronic bingo and statutorily, the proposed amendments would not have resulted in electronic bingo or the expansion of gambling.

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION DEFERS PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO BINGO RULES /PAGE2

The proposed amendment to rule 402.300 as well as the proposed amendments to rules 402.321-402.323, 402.325 pertaining to card-minding systems would not have authorized slot machines. The Commission recognizes that the authorization of slot machines and electronic gaming devices are policy decisions to be determined by the Texas Legislature.
###

