TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, April 21, 2010 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

"TRUE TEXAN" FAN FROM EL PASO "FLOORED" AFTER WINNING HOUSTON TEXANS VIP SUITE PRIZE
(Austin) ­ Jaime E. Gonzales of El Paso used lots of happy adjectives to describe how he felt when he got a call from a Texas Lottery® official informing him that he'd won a Houston Texans VIP Suite Weekend prize from a second-chance drawing he'd entered.

"I was floored and very surprised," Gonzales said. "I was elated and excited, just like the very enthused gentleman from the lottery who called to give me the news. I'm a true Texan fan. I've followed them since the `Oiler' days, and I watch them, win or lose. I've never been to a game, but I'm ready to have a good time with this prize, along with my friends." Gonzales has been playing since 1992 when the Lotto Texas® game began. He also has some sage advice for lottery players around the state.

"I play weekly and have been since the fall of 1992," he said. "It's important to remember to have fun. If you break even, you should feel good about that. Don't try to make a `homerun hit' to pay for your daily expenses."

"Our second-chance drawings in this game drew enthusiastic responses from our players," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "With terrific prizes such as the Houston Texans VIP Weekend, it's no wonder that Mr. Gonzales and friends are excited as they plan ahead to have big fun in the fall at an all-expenses-paid football weekend. This prize came out of the last of five second-chance drawings. The game is now closed."

(more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) The Texas Lottery premiered the Houston Texans scratch-off game last September to coincide with the start of football season. Valued at $40,000, the Texans VIP Suite Weekend package includes the following: · Tickets in a private Team Luxury Suite for a Texans home game during the 2010 season for the winner and 13 additional friends and/or family members; · Round-trip airfare or ground transportation, hotel accommodations and dinner for the entire group; · · Access to the Texans Tunnel during the lineup presentation; Texans merchandise bag consisting of a polo shirt, hat and Texans Power Towel for the entire group. Tonight's Lotto Texas jackpot is an estimated $80 million, and the Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $252 million. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $166 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org. ###

