NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Tuesday, April 28, 2009

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

LUCKY RABBIT'S FOOT MAY HAVE BROUGHT FORT WORTH MAN $1 MILLION MEGA MILLIONS® PRIZE
(AUSTIN) ­ Robert C. Sims of Fort Worth credits a rabbit's foot he got from someone in his family for helping him win a prize of $1 million in Mega Millions®. "I carry it with me all the time," Sims said. "Maybe it's the thing that helped me win this fantastic prize." The word "fantastic" came up several times in conversation with Texas Lottery® staff members, who were processing Mr. Sims' win. He used it to describe his general state of being, what he thought of his prize and how it was going to help him do some traveling. "Not only do I feel fantastic, I plan to use some of this prize money to take some great trips," Sims said. "I plan to return to the places where I was stationed during my time in the Air Force, which is a fantastic thing to be able to do." Sims has been retired from the Air Force for 22 years, but still has fond memories of his time in the armed services as a master sergeant. The oldest of seven children, Sims said he also plans to share his prize with family members. "I want to help out my five sisters and one brother," he said. "We had wonderful parents."

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

He said he also plans to help out his children and let them know it via Webcam, while drinking a glass of champagne. "This prize isn't just for me and my wife to help us get out of debt completely, or even to assist my family, either," he said. "I also want to help out certain organizations that are special to me because they help children. I'm a Schreiner, but I also want to make donations to Cook Children's Hospital and to St. Jude's Hospital." "Mr. Sims clearly has his priorities straight," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "His family and his community are of the highest importance. The assistance he will provide to the children's hospitals will undoubtedly be welcome be those organizations. And taking several trips down memory lane will make this prize all the sweeter for Mr. Sims." Sims kept the ticket in his shirt pocket the entire time before he went to claim his prize at the Texas Lottery Claim Center in Fort Worth. "I wasn't planning to lose my shirt, so I always knew where that ticket was," he said. Sims bought the ticket at Mike's Short Stop, 5375 Granbury Road, in Fort Worth. Tonight's Mega Millions jackpot is worth an estimated $181 million. Tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $9 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

