 

TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Tuesday, May 3, 2011 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

  DREAM OF A PRIZE COMES TO CORPUS CHRISTI WOMAN IN TEXAS LOTTERY® SCRATCH-OFF GAME
(Austin) ­ Diana Barrios of Corpus Christi is much closer to buying a home, thanks to winning a $50,000 top prize in Silver & Gold, a Texas Lottery® scratch-off, and to her sister, she says. Barrios' sister, Alice, died in February at the age of 48. The two were apart in age by only a year and had always maintained a close relationship. Since her sister's death, Barrios says she has come to her in her dreams on numerous occasions, always manifesting the numbers four and 29 in a variety of settings, including a parking slot, a menu item and a room number. "I had no idea what those numbers meant and I couldn't help but notice them," she said. "I've prayed to learn what their significance was, but never did figure it out, so I let it go." Barrios took off work last Friday, April 29, to watch the royal wedding. Once the ceremony and the commentary were over, she stepped out to run some quick errands, and bought two lottery tickets while filling her truck with gas. "For no reason in particular, I picked a $2 Neon 9s and a $5 Silver & Gold," she said. "I've won before, so I was happy to win $2 on the Neon 9s, but when I scratched the other one, I thought I'd won $50 and was thrilled. I finished scratching the ticket inside the store and realized I had won $50,000. It made me start crying. It was then that I realized what the four and the 29 meant that my sister was showing me in my dreams." After the manager at the Snappy Foods #20, 4817 Ayers in Corpus Christi, made her sign the ticket, she went to the local Texas Lottery Claim Center to claim her prize. (more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

 

(Texas Lottery Commission News Release, continued)
 

"It's always a pleasure to see a happy winner, like Ms. Barrios," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "We have a wide range of scratch-off games our players can choose from, and clearly, Silver & Gold was the ticket for Ms. Barrios. Her top prize is the fourth of the game's six prizes of $50,000 to be claimed." "I've paid off my Tahoe and my husband and I have paid off our other debts, too," she said. "We still have enough money left over to make a down payment on a house and buy some furnishings for our home. I firmly believe all of this happened because of my sister." Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $51 million. The Lotto Texas® jackpot for tomorrow is an estimated $7 million, and the Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $36 million. More information about the Texas Lottery is available on the official website, www.txlottery.org.
###

 

