TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Tuesday, May 7, 2013 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

SCRATCH ALL NITE WITH THE TEXAS LOTTERY'S® NEW KISS® GAME
Game offers chance to win trip to Los Angeles to meet the band
(AUSTIN) ­ In celebration of KISS' 40th Anniversary and the release of their newest hit album, "MONSTER," the Texas Lottery has launched a KISS® scratch-off game, giving lottery players the chance to scratch all night and party with the band in L.A.! The game features more than $10 million in prizes, including eight top prizes of $35,000 each. Players that don't win instantly can enter non-winning tickets into promotional second-chance drawings for the opportunity to win a trip to Los Angeles to meet the band and other exciting prizes. Players can go online to the Texas Lottery Luck Zone to enter each non-winning ticket in one of four second-chance drawings to be held throughout the run of the game. Each second-chance drawing will award 100 autographed KISS® Monster Album Wall Plaques, 10 KISS® Signed Guitars and one KISS® Fly-Away Trip for two, including transportation, accommodations, a private dinner with the band, a VIP tour of the Grammy museum and LA Live and a KISS® merchandise gift package. Fans of the ticket will also have the chance to participate in a Facebook photo contest. The "Show Us Your KISS®!" contest will award Texas Lottery and KISS® prize packs to five Texas Lottery Facebook fans who upload pictures that creatively incorporate the Texas Lottery and/or KISS® brands. The $2 ticket features instant-win overall odds of one in 4.18, including break-even prizes.
(more) Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

New KISS® game/page 2

About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $21 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $40 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $15 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs, including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. The Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Mega Millions®, Powerball®, Lotto Texas with ExtraTM, All or NothingTM, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org. About KISS: Celebrating their 40th Anniversary in 2013, KISS remains one of the most influential bands in the history of rock and roll. As one of America's top gold-record champions, KISS has sold more than 100 million albums worldwide-- including their chart topping 20th studio album Monster album produced by Paul Stanley and released in 2012. In support of the album, the band launched the Worldwide Monster Tour in Australia and will continue to rock the globe with dates announced in Europe and North America and more dates coming soon. With over 3,000 licensed products including a Monster Mini Golf Course in Las Vegas, KISS Coffee Shop in Myrtle Beach, SC and the 3rd Annual KISS Kruise sailing in October, the KISS legacy continues to grow, generation after generation. ###

