TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Thursday, May 6, 2010 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

VALLEY MILLS WOMAN BUYS TICKET THAT'S NOT HER FAVORITE AND WINS $75,000 TOP PRIZE
(Austin) ­ Connie Woodley of Valley Mills made her daily visit to the Smart Stop for coffee and bought four Bonus Break The Bank tickets. What made her buy the tickets is still a mystery to her. "Bonus Break The Bank is not a ticket I ever buy," Woodley said. "There are other ones I like a lot more, like $50,000 Payout, which gave me a $50 prize last Friday, or the new `7s' ticket that my friends at work and I pool our money to buy. I rarely give Bonus Break The Bank a second look." Woodley scratched the ticket in her car and thought to herself that it just couldn't be. "Sometimes you see things and they don't register, so I thought I needed to go back inside and check with the store clerk," Woodley said. "Since I see this clerk nearly every day, I asked her right there if the ticket said what I thought it said. She replied, `Oh, yes, dear, it does!' By this time, I'd already started perspiring and I couldn't breathe." Woodley was so thrilled that she gave the remaining unscratched ticket to the clerk, who won $15 with it. Her prize had her so flustered that as she exited the store, she didn't notice her brother-inlaw was coming in. She found out later that she had zoomed right by him. She has some set plans for her prize, Woodley said, spending some of it "on my husband Bill's additional dental work." Then she's sending him on a big fishing trip, while she goes off to Bossier City in Louisiana to enjoy the casinos. "Bonus Break The Bank has been around since mid-decade, and it continues to be an exciting game for our players because of its significant top prize" said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "We'd also like to tip our hat to Ms. Woodley who generously gave the clerk her remaining unscratched ticket, which produced a $15 prize." The Smart Stop #41 is located at 8309 North Highway 6 in Waco. Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $12 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is the largest in the country, at an estimated $88 million, and the Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $80 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery®, please visit the official website at txlottery.org. ###

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

