TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, May 16, 2011 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

SAN ANTONIAN HEADED TO HOUSTON TEXANS FOOTBALL GAMES WITH SEASON TICKETS FROM TEXAS LOTTERY®
(Austin) ­ Louie Epstein of San Antonio received a letter from the Texas Lottery® telling him he'd won a prize. When he called to find out what it was, he was shocked to learn that his prize was two years' worth of season tickets to the Houston Texans football games.

"All my letters are usually bills, but this one stuck out," Epstein said. "The letter didn't tell me what my prize was, so I was shocked, but in a good way, to learn that I would be able to see the Houston Texans play in Houston for two seasons. I have three sons, and they are very excited about this."

Epstein has already won a Houston Texans autographed jersey in another Texas Lottery secondchance drawing. He entered his non-winning Houston Texans tickets and won the current prize in the last of four regularly scheduled drawings that occurred on April 20.

"Without a doubt, getting a chance to see the Houston Texans play at home for not one, but two years is very exciting," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "From VIP suite weekend package prizes to season tickets and autographed jerseys, our Houston Texans second-chance drawings offer the kinds of prizes our players want to win."

Epstein says he always plays to win. "I always think I'm going to win, but when I do, I can hardly believe it, like this time. I'm going to keep playing and always planning for the best to happen. That's how you win."

(more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission News Release, continued) Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $12 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $11 million, and the Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $97 million. More information about the Texas Lottery is on the official website, www.txlottery.org.
###

