TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, May 16, 2011 CONTACT: Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

LAS VEGAS WEDDING WILL SOON BE A REALITY FOR THE PRICE IS RIGHT® WINNER FROM FLINT
(Austin) ­ Nicole Winship of Flint and her fiancé planned to get married in Las Vegas. The only problem was how to pay for the trip. Thanks to a recent second-chance drawing for The Price Is Right®, a Texas Lottery® scratch-off game, nothing will stand in their way. Winship won one of the six Las Vegas trips awarded in the drawing. The Price Is Right® features more than $23.2 million in prizes and one in 3.72 odds of winning any prize, including break-even prizes. Players who don't win instantly can send in their non-winning tickets for the second-chance drawings. Each second-chance drawing will award six trips for two to Las Vegas including airfare, hotel, $1,000 spending money, an additional $4,000 cash prize and tickets to a special lottery-winners-only edition of The Price Is Right® Live! stage show. "We didn't have the money for a big wedding, so we thought we would have the wedding and honeymoon all in one," said Winship. "The fact that we won this trip means that we will definitely be able to go." Winship has been a fan of the The Price Is Right® for years and says this opportunity comes with a bit of nostalgia. "I used to watch it all the time with my grandmother. That was back with Bob Barker." Now, she will be hoping to hear the famous call to "Come on down!" for herself. (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) "The nostalgia behind The Price Is Right® makes this a unique game for our players who associate fond memories with this iconic game show," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "It sounds like this trip will be particularly memorable for Ms. Winship and her fiancé, and we wish them well." Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $12 million. Wednesday's Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $97 million, and the Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $11 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, visit www.txlottery.org. ###

