NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Friday, May 18, 2007

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

$1,000,000 CASH BLAST PROVIDES MOTHER, SON AND BROTHERS WITH A MEMORABLE MOTHER'S DAY
(AUSTIN) ­When Dennis Damian Anugwom's mother told him to rest after working early into Sunday morning last weekend, he did what a good son does; he obeyed his mother. To Anugwom's way of thinking, it was what led him to the top prize of $1 million that he won playing $1,000,000 Cash Blast from the Texas Lottery®. "My brothers were with my mother on Mother's Day and I also planned to be there, but when I called her to wish her a happy day, she told me to get my rest and come by to see her later or the next day," he said. "I kept thinking about going over there, so I got up and went to the store first, and that's when I bought the $1,000,000 Cash Blast tickets with some of the $300 tip I'd received the night before. When I got the third ticket, I put it in my pocket and left the store." While driving back, Anugwom started scratching the ticket. "I had to pull over when I saw that I had the number that matched the number with the million-dollar prize," he said. "I couldn't breathe and I couldn't smile even though I wanted to, so I called my mother. When she answered, I couldn't speak to her, and then I started crying, which scared her." Grace Anugwom gave the phone to Dennis's oldest brother, Innocent, who was able to extract the story from him, and then burst into laughter as Dennis continued crying. "Your son is a millionaire," Innocent told his mother.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

Mrs. Anugwom then sent two of her sons to Dennis's home to check on him. In the time it took them to get there, Dennis had already signed the ticket, put it in an envelope and hidden it under a sofa cushion. The brothers dutifully delivered the envelope with the ticket to their mother, who kept it under her pillow Sunday night. "Morning wouldn't come and time was not moving for my mother or me on Sunday night and into Monday morning," the winner said. "My mother told me she stayed up and looked at the clock all night long, and I couldn't eat or sleep or anything else. I stared at the TV without knowing what was on it. The entire day after scratching the ticket became unreal. All I could remember to do was to thank God for all his blessings." Anugwom will take his mother to visit his nine-year-old son in Jamaica as soon as possible. Later this summer, they plan to go to Nigeria to see Anugwom's father, whom he hasn't seen in 14 years. "This was a Mother's Day no member of this family will soon forget," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "Clearly, the Anugwom siblings maintain a close bond with each other and their mother is responsible for that. Otherwise, they would not be such a closely-knit unit. It's fitting that she and her sons had a remarkable Mother's Day." Mrs. Anugwom is the mother of nine sons and two daughters. Her son Dennis and several brothers are owners of a limousine service in Houston. The store where Anugwom purchased the $20-ticket is the Shop N Go Food Store, located at 6601 Gasser Drive in Houston. The store is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling this ticket. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $17 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $11 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

...

