TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, May 20, 2011 CONTACT: Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

CLEBURNE RESIDENT FINDS NEW INTEREST IN HOUSTON TEXANS AFTER SEASON TICKETS WIN
(Austin) ­ In the past, Trinity S. Clark of Cleburne did not follow professional football closely. Then she sent in a single ticket for a Houston Texans second-chance drawing and won a "VIP Texans Season Tickets Package for 2 Years." "I'm a big fan now," she said. "I was about to send in tickets for another game when I found the Houston Texans ticket and sent it in, too." Ten season-tickets packages were awarded in the final Houston Texans second-chance drawing held April 20. Each claimant will receive two sets of season tickets for the next two complete seasons of Houston Texans home games in the Gridiron, TX section between the 30-yard lines. They will also get a Texans Merchandise Gift Bag with hats, shirts and $50 in Texans Bucks; two pre-game sideline passes to a Texans pre-season game; and two invitations to a hospitality tent with food and nonalcoholic beverages during a Texans Training Camp practice. Clark says she is still adjusting to the idea of winning, but she expects to take friends and family with her to the games. "I just got back from vacation and checked my mail. I think this was more exciting than the vacation." "Many of our players tell us they like scratch-off games that provide a second chance to win," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "Although the Houston Texans game is now closed, players can still enter second-chance drawings for several other games including The Price Is Right and our Jumbo Bucks III suite of games." (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $16 million. Saturday's Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $120 million, and the Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $12 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery®, visit www.txlottery.org. ###

