NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Friday, May 23, 2008

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

MARTINSVILLE PARTNERSHIP CLAIMS $1.8 MILLION TEXAS TWO STEP® JACKPOT (AUSTIN)-- The presiding member of the Fancher Family Limited
Partnership, by Fancher Investments, LLC, General Partner, Jan Elizabeth Fancher, president, that collected a $1.8 million Texas Lottery® prize on Thursday, said she always knew she would win big. She just didn't know which game it would be. "I've always known," Jan Fancher said. "One of my family members described this as being `destined to happen,' and she was right. That's how I've always felt. I didn't think it would be with the Texas Two Step, however. I'm not picky, though." On the advice of the clerk at Rick's Food Mart, where Fancher was buying gas, she purchased $3-worth of Texas Two Step tickets. The store is located at 3104 N. University in Nacogdoches, not far from the hospital where Fancher works in the admissions department. "I go in there frequently, so I know the clerks," she said. "One of them told me that the Texas Two Step game was at $1.8 million. I asked her for three Quick Picks, even though I've played Texas Two Step only two or three times. I went home and forgot about it." It wasn't until the day after the drawing, Friday, May 2, that Fancher learned one of her tickets matched the numbers drawn.

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"After being out with friends shopping in Canton, I checked my tickets at a retailer, and I'm so used to hearing `not a winner' from the terminal that I was really surprised when it didn't say that," she said. "My friends were screaming with delight, but I remained calm. I knew it was going to happen." The first person Fancher called with the news was her mother. "She didn't believe me and never has believed I would win," she said. "What's great about this is that now my mother doesn't have to worry about things so much. I told her that it's not an option anymore to stay awake at night worrying about anything." Fancher doesn't plan to quit her job at the hospital or as a therapeutic masseuse. "I told my family that I'm not quitting my job as a result of this win, and they can't either, because this has to last a long time," she said. "I feel very blessed, however, because this has brought me great peace of mind. I may buy a vehicle with this money and build a small house on some family property, too." "Throughout the years, we've had many winners tell us that they always knew they would win a major Texas Lottery prize," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "Clearly, Ms. Fancher is part of a close-knit family, and it's obvious that she plans to invest her money wisely and bring her mother respite from any worries." The numbers for the May 1 drawing were 6--9--24--27, and the bonus ball was 27. The retailer is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000. Fancher requested minimal publicity.

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $17 million. Tomorrow's Lotto Texas® is worth an estimated $15 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

