NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Wednesday, May 24, 2006

Robert Elrod, 512-344-5436 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

$50,000 HARLEY-DAVIDSON®, BUCKS & TRUCKS PRIZE CLAIMED IN VICTORIA ONE DAY AFTER GAME DEBUTS

(AUSTIN) ­ One of the newest Texas Lottery® scratch-off games combines two player favorites ­ Bucks & Trucks and Harley-Davidson® ­ into one prize-packed ticket ­ Harley-Davidson®, Bucks & Trucks. The new $5 game, which hit the shelves on Monday, offers three different top prizes: a new Ford Harley-Davidson® F-150 truck, a new Harley-Davidson® Fat Boy® motorcycle or a cash prize of $50,000. The first of seven $50,000 cash prizes was claimed in Victoria yesterday by John W. Short Jr., from Falls of Rough, Kentucky.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"I saw it was a new game, so I thought I'd give it a shot. After I scratched it, I looked at it two or three times and still wasn't sure what I had," said Short. "Then the clerk ran it through the machine and she told me I'd need to take it to a claim center, so here I am and here's my check!" Short, who is often in Texas on business, says he's a frequent Texas Lottery player, but the most he'd ever won before yesterday was $500. Short said he planned to use some of his winnings to finish remodeling his house and put the rest in the bank. But first he was planning another quick scratch-off purchase. "Next store I go into, I'm going to buy whichever ticket catches my eye first," said Short. "It already worked for me once, so why quit now?" Short purchased his ticket at the Markham Handy Pantry located at 504 Broadway in Markham. "We were hopeful that Harley-Davidson, Bucks & Trucks would be popular with our players, so it's not really a surprise to meet a big winner this early in the game," said Anthony J. Sadberry, acting executive director for the Texas Lottery. "It just goes to show that you really never know when you might win, and even after Mr. Short's prize, all three trucks and all three bikes remain unclaimed, along with millions of dollars more in cash prizes and HarleyDavidson merchandise prize packages." In addition to the top prizes, Harley-Davidson®, Bucks & Trucks offers other cash prizes in amounts ranging from $5 to $5,000, as well as HarleyDavidson® merchandise prize packages, which include a t-shirt, wrist watch, sunglasses and more. Overall odds of winning any prize in Harley-Davidson®, Bucks & Trucks are 1 in 3.66, including break-even prizes. Tonight's Lotto Texas jackpot is an estimated $10 million. Friday's Mega Millions jackpot will be worth an estimated $27 million.
® ®

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

For more information about the Texas Lottery Commission, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ... The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

Harley-Davidson and Fat Boy are among the registered trademarks of H-D Michigan.

