NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Thursday, May 25, 2006

Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144

LAKE JACKSON RESIDENT COLLECTS COLD, HARD CASH FROM COOL MILLIONS SCRATCH-OFF GAME

(AUSTIN) ­ Larry Stevens of Lake Jackson can now warm up to the idea of being the newest Texas Lottery® millionaire. After visiting Texas Lottery Headquarters in Austin today, Stevens claimed the first of four top prizes offered for the Texas Lottery Cool Millions scratch-off game, a one-time payment of $1,000,000. "It wasn't something I thought of doing when I walked into the store," said Stevens. "I went to get my usual Mega Millions ticket and saw the store had new scratch games out. The Cool Millions ticket just caught my eye, so I bought one."

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

The $20 ticket, released earlier this month, offers players a chance to win prizes of $20 up to $1,000,000. The overall odds of winning a prize, including break-even prizes, are 1 in 3.66. "I've only been buying the scratch games for a couple of months now, and I've had some good luck," said Stevens. "I always thought that I'd win, but I thought it would be from one of the other games, like Mega or Lotto Texas." Stevens purchased his Cool Millions scratch game at Dixie Food Mart, located at 133 North Dixie Drive in Lake Jackson. The retail owner is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling the top prize-winning ticket.

"Our summer lineup of scratch games should certainly keep players excited since many will allow chances at very valuable prizes, like Mr. Stevens' win today," said Anthony J. Sadberry, acting executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "Our scratch-off games are hot items with players, with sales totaling more than $2 billion so far this fiscal year, up more than 5 percent from this same time last year." Stevens and his wife, Louise, will be cooling off in more ways than one with their winnings. According to the two, plans start next week with an eagerly anticipated cruise to the Caribbean. Afterward, Louise told lottery officials that a purchase of new furniture is also in the works for their home. "We're going to invest the rest after she gets her new furniture, for retirement," said Stevens. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

...

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

NOTE TO EDITORS: Photographs of Larry Stevens are available upon request. All photos are sent in jpg format via e-mail. Please contact Kristina Tirloni at (512) 344-5144 or e-mail kristina.tirloni@lottery.state.tx.us to make your request.

