TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - November 29, 2001 Contact: Keith Elkins, 512.344.5210

Stolen Lottery Tickets Come Up Winners For Houston Police Department
(Austin, November 29) - - An attempt to cash in $36 worth of stolen lottery tickets has led to the arrest of four suspects in connection with this afternoon's armed robbery of a Houston area convenience store. Approximately 3:00 PM today, the Super Way Food Store, located at 7330 Reinwick in West Houston was robbed at gunpoint of "more than a hundred" instant lottery tickets and an unknown amount of cash. Two hours later, Texas Lottery Commission Security Investigators monitoring sales transaction computer screens began noticing some of the stolen tickets being cashed-in and directed robbery detectives to their exact location. "At first there were a few dollars worth of ticket redemptions popping up," said Ned Anderson, Texas Lottery Security Investigator, "and then the suspects left and moved to a second location. "I notified Houston Police officers exactly where the suspects could be found, and HPD moved in and arrested four people with a large number of the stolen lottery tickets still in their possession." Tonight, the identities of the two male and two female suspects has not yet been released. However, lottery investigators do know the winning tickets the suspects were attempting to cash in were from the Yellow Rose of Texas, Cowboy Cash, and Break the Bank instant scratch-off games. -30.... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org -30-

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=25012/14/2006 4:00:55 PM

