TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, June 3, 2013 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us
 
 

 

TEXAS LOTTERY® TEMPORARILY SUSPENDS SALES FOR ALL OR NOTHINGTM GAME
(AUSTIN) - The Texas Lottery® today announced that it has temporarily suspended sales for the popular All or NothingTM draw game. GTECH Corporation, the lottery operator in Texas, notified the commission of a game design issue related to the current game structure, caused in part by player propensity to play certain number combinations in the game. To remain consistent with its mission of generating revenue for public education, the Texas Lottery will evaluate placing limitations on wagers that can be purchased for any number combination in the game. The practice of setting liability limits is common in the lottery industry for games that offer guaranteed prizes. "We have been advised of this game design issue and, in an abundance of caution, we have temporarily suspended sales for All or Nothing to evaluate the situation thoroughly," said Gary Grief, executive director of the Texas Lottery. "While we review this matter, we will honor all prizes for All or Nothing tickets that have already been purchased by our players." "The Texas Lottery is intensely committed to our mission to generate revenue for education in Texas," said Grief. "Although there have been no negative financial consequences to the state as a result of the identified game design issue, we will take any and all necessary steps to protect the financial interests of the state of Texas." All or Nothing is played by selecting 12 numbers from a pool of 24. The game offers a variety of prizes. Players can win the game's top prize of $250,000 by matching all of the 12 numbers drawn by the Texas Lottery or by matching none of the 12 numbers drawn. Players have readily embraced the game and its unique playstyle. Sales for All or Nothing, launched on Sept. 9, 2012, have exceeded expectations, and in its first eight months, the game has generated sales of $62.5 million and $36.7 million in prizes to players.
(more) Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

 

All or Nothing Game Sales Temporarily Suspended/page 2 
 

About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $21 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $40 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $15 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs, including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org. ###

