Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - June 5, 2006
Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

It Wasn't A Dollar Sign In Front Of The 150 On Scratch-Off Ticket; It Was The Top Prize Sign
(Austin, June 5) - Gary W. Prenzler of Victoria was going back into his house from his back yard when he asked his girlfriend to scratch the one Harley- Davidson®, Bucks & Trucks ticket he'd just purchased while he was paying for a bag of ice at the convenience store. "When I came back out, my girlfriend said I'd won $150, and I thought that was pretty good," Prenzler said. "Then I saw the ticket and scratched off an area that she had not scratched and that's when I saw that it said `F-150.' I had to pick myself up from the floor. I just couldn't believe what the ticket said, I didn't trust it." Prenzler and his girlfriend went to the Speedy Stop at 3302 Sam Houston where he purchased the ticket and two other stores to confirm what the ticket said. "In each place, we were told the ticket had won me a truck," Prenzler said. "I also showed the ticket to all my neighbors, and they also said that the ticket seemed to show that I had really won a truck." "The game was issued on May 22, and this is the first of the three truck prizes to be claimed," said Texas Lottery Commission Acting Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "In fact, the second of the seven top cash prizes of $50,000 was also claimed last week in Victoria, so this game has struck a meaningful chord among Lottery players in Victoria." Prenzler was too excited to get any meaningful sleep last Wednesday night. "When I did get some sleep, it was with the ticket in my hands," he said. "I wasn't going to let go of it." It was a fortuitous trip to the store that Prenzler said has made him the proud owner of a new Ford F-150 truck. "I had company coming over, and since I haven't hooked up my ice maker on the refrigerator, thank God I had to go out for ice," he said. "I feel very blessed, very fortunate, to have won this prize. I'm happy."

Prenzler said he already knows where his first trip in his new vehicle will take him. "I'm going to cruise up to Austin to see my sister," he said. "Then I'm going to the beach. My son will love either trip." The $5-game offers more than $19.7 million in prizes. Players can win a new Ford HarleyDavidsonTM F-150 truck, a new Harley-Davidson® Fat Boy® motorcycle, cash prizes up to $50,000 or a merchandise prize pack, as well as prizes in the amounts of $5,000, $1,000, $500, $100, $50, $20, $15, $10 and $5. Prenzler claimed his prize late last week at the Texas Lottery® Claim Center in Victoria. For more information about the Texas Lottery Commission, please visit the official Texas Lottery Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

