NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Tuesday, June 05, 2007

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

BROWNSVILLE MAN WINS TOP PRIZE OF $3 MILLION PLAYING LUCKY MILLIONS FROM THE TEXAS LOTTERY®
(AUSTIN) ­ A trip to Galveston for a welding job has left Francisco Chavez $3 million richer. That's the amount of the top prize he won playing Lucky Millions from the Texas Lottery® with a ticket he purchased there. Chavez is a resident of Brownsville, but his welding job takes him far and wide. He's been so busy putting in 12-hour days that he's hardly had time to think about anything but work. In fact, he purchased two tickets and left them in his car for nearly two days before he learned one of them carried the $3 million prize. Speaking in Spanish to Lottery officials, Chavez said he was so surprised by his ticket, he wasn't sure what he was looking at. "I took a 15-minute break Sunday afternoon and remembered that I'd left those tickets in the visor, so what better thing to do on a break than drink more coffee and scratch some lottery tickets," he said. "I got nothing on the first one, but when I scratched the second one, I realized that the result was really different, that I was looking at something I didn't quite understand, even after I put on my glasses." Chavez showed the ticket to his co-worker and his son, both of whom told him he was holding a huge prize in his hands. He also told one of his friends, who does not speak but a few words of Spanish.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"He doesn't speak Spanish except for a few words and I speak only a little bit of English, but his face gave him away when he saw my ticket," Chavez said. "That's when I knew the ticket was good." Chavez kept the ticket in his wallet at all times, that is, until he purchased a small safe, just big enough to hold the ticket and a few important documents. The new winner says he plans to help his family with his prize money. "You can't forget where you come from," Chavez said. "I'm going to make a new home for my mother and then finish my own home. I'm also thinking of buying some acreage and maybe having a few sheep and cows." "Helping out family members is one of the best ways to utilize Texas Lottery prize money, and it's obvious Mr. Chavez doesn't have to worry that he'll forget where he came from," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "This is the first of the four $3 million top prizes in this game to be claimed." The store where Chavez purchased the $30-ticket is the Stewart Food Mart located at 6102 Stewart Road in Galveston. The store is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling this ticket. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $16 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $7 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Web site at http://www.txlottery.org
...

