NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Friday, June 9, 2006

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

PROPHETIC DREAM LEADS LUBBOCK PARTNERSHIP TO AUSTIN TO CLAIM $36 MILLION LOTTO TEXAS® JACKPOT

(AUSTIN) ­ A prophetic dream, complete with numbers, led the members of the LGroup Managed Trust of Lubbock all the way to Austin to claim a Cash Value Option Lotto Texas ® jackpot prize in the amount of $20.9 million. Lubbock attorney J. Phillip Hays is the trustee. Cindy Skidmore, a member of the group, said a dream she had last October inspired her to play the numbers 44-31-5-10-7-28. "I saw those numbers and I knew if I didn't get up and write them down I would forget them," Skidmore said. "So, these are numbers I have played since then." On the night of April 30, almost all the members of the group were at home watching the popular Sunday night show, Grey's Anatomy, when the TV

station put up a teaser before the news mentioning that a Lotto Texas® ticket that matched the numbers drawn the previous night had been sold in Lubbock. "I recognized the numbers right away and woke up my husband to tell him, `I think we're millionaires,'" Skidmore said. "He asked me how I knew and I told him I saw my numbers. Then I got on the phone." "I answered the phone by asking, `Did we win?'" said LGroup Managed Trust member Sharla Pierce. The Lubbock phone lines were really burning up that night, as group members continued to call each other.

(more) (Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued) Estella Barron, another group member, got on the phone and wasn't sure what Skidmore was telling her about winning. Her question was, "Won what?" The only member of the group who got any sleep that night was Brenda Mitchell because nobody had her phone number. "I didn't know until Monday when I checked the numbers on my computer," Mitchell said. "I started screaming. "Indeed, winning a jackpot like this is the stuff of dreams," said Texas Lottery Commission Acting Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "In this case you can literally say that. Judging from the interest the local media has had in this win, I'd say the staying power of Lotto Texas also remains strong. It's our flagship game, and it will have its 14th birthday in November." Almost every member of the group already has some idea of what she will do with her share of the prize money. Gina Schultz said she's going to indulge herself in an extravagance she's always wanted. "I'm going to let a personal shopper do some clothes shopping for me in Dallas," she said. "The rest I'm going to save and invest."

Cindy Skidmore is going to Hawaii. "This trip is really for my brother, who died last December," she said. "I'm going to spread his ashes in Maui." Sharla Pierce no longer has to work two jobs. Now she's got time to concentrate on the one thing she wants to purchase for her family. "I'm buying a new house," she said. "This will give our family lots more room than we have now. I also plan to save for my kids' college educations."

(more) (Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued) Estella Barron plans to buy something for her husband. "He's getting a new pick-up truck," she said. "I'm also going to spend a lot more time with my eight-pack, my grandchildren. That's the best for me." Brenda Mitchell, who is considered the lucky charm of the group by the other members because she won a Mini-Cooper convertible car from the inside of the cap of a 20-ounce soda bottle, is already planning a trip. "I'm going to Las Vegas," Mitchell said. "I love Vegas!" The drawing occurred on Saturday, April 29. The advertised jackpot was $36 million. The ticket was purchased at the 7-Eleven #423, located at 3402 98th Street in Lubbock. For selling the ticket that matched the six numbers drawn, the store is eligible to receive a bonus of one percent of the jackpot. That amount is approximately $362,000. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $17 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot also is worth an estimated $17 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery Commission, please visit the official Texas Lottery Web site at http://www.txlottery.org.

...

