NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Tuesday, June 13, 2006

Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144

WEST TEXAS KEEPS RIDING TEXAS LOTTERY® WAVE ­ FORT STOCKTON RESIDENT COLLECTS $1 MILLION

(AUSTIN) ­ Enrique "Henry" Fuentez has a lucky number not many folks are willing to claim and it paid off in the amount of $1 million, the top prize for the Texas Lottery® Cool Millions scratch-off game. The Fort Stockton resident received his one-time payment today after visiting lottery headquarters in Austin. "I had scratched the whole ticket and when I got to the bottom I saw the number `13' and the prize amount said ONE MILLION," said Fuentez. "I couldn't believe it, so I gave it to my wife to look at and then my daughter." After comparing whose eyes were the most trustworthy, Fuentez walked back into the store to allow the clerk to run the ticket through the lottery terminal.

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"I almost didn't purchase the ticket, because I thought it was a $5 ticket, not $20," he explained. "When I went back in, the clerk asked me, `What did you win, $20?' "I said I thought I won a little more than that. She ran the ticket and made a weird face and told me the amount exceeded what she could pay. That's all I needed to hear and so now I'm getting my money on the 13th of June." Fuentez purchased his Cool Millions scratch game at Stop & Shop, located at 103 West Hornbeck in Fort Stockton. The retail owner is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling the top prize-winning ticket. "It's been a busy few days meeting winners from the western region of the state," said Anthony J. Sadberry, acting executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "I'd like to congratulate our latest west Texan, Mr. Fuentez, on his

million dollar prize, and remind the rest of our players around the state that there are still two more top prizes left unclaimed for the Cool Millions scratch-off game." The $20 ticket, released earlier this month, offers players a chance to win prizes of $20 up to $1,000,000. The overall odds of winning a prize, including break-even prizes, are 1 in 3.66. When asked what the couple plans to do with their winnings, Sonia Fuentez replied, "We're buying a brand new Infiniti SUV. We're picking it up as soon as we leave here." For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

...
NOTE TO EDITORS: Photographs of Henry and Sonia Fuentez are available upon request. All photos are sent in jpg format via e-mail. Please

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

contact Kristina Tirloni at (512) 344-5144 or e-mail kristina.tirloni@lottery.state.tx.us to make your request.

