NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Thursday, June 22, 2006

Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144

IT'S A NEW HOME PLANNED FOR TEXAS LOTTERY® MILLION DOLLAR MANIA WINNER AND HER `FRIENDS'

(AUSTIN) ­ If you were to walk up to Shelvy Cornish and ask her what matters to her in life, there's no doubt where her love is placed. Cornish owns two elderly, blind cats and with the $1,000,000 prize money she claimed today at Texas Lottery® headquarters, she plans to build herself and her animals a new home where, "they'll be more comfortable." Cornish claimed the final top prize for the Texas Lottery Million Dollar Mania scratch game, a one-time payment of $1,000,000, before taxes. "I am the most determined person and I knew that I was going to win," she said. "I went to the store after work to get myself a Coke and I always kid
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

around with the people behind the counter and tell them, `y'all don't ever have winning tickets.' I can't say that now." Cornish told lottery officials she's an avid Texas Lottery scratch-off player and has won several times. "This time, though, it just hasn't hit me, yet," she said. "We've heard that same sentiment expressed from many of our Texas Lottery winners," said Anthony J. Sadberry, acting executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "I would like to congratulate Ms. Cornish and wish her all the best with building her `dream' home for herself and her pets." Cornish purchased her top-prize winning ticket at Fastop Food Store #4, located at 3508 N. Navarro in Victoria. The retail owner is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling the ticket.

"There probably isn't a store in Victoria that doesn't know me," Cornish said. "I like to try my luck everywhere. In fact, I just came back from Las Vegas, and played scratch games all the way to Austin and back. Those are more fun than going to Vegas." The Million Dollar Mania scratch game still offers prize amounts of $20 up to $10,000. Overall odds of winning any prize, including break-even prizes, are 1 in 2.57. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

...
The Texas Lottery supports Texas education. NOTE TO EDITORS: Photographs of Shelvy Cornish are available upon request. All photographs are sent via e-mail in jpg format. Please contact

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

Kristina Tirloni at (512) 344-5144 or e-mail at kristina.tirloni@lottery.state.tx.us to make your request.

