TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, June 29, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Powerball® Will Receive A Makeover: Starting Jackpots Double to $40 Million, Better Overall Odds for More Winners
Changes begin January 15, 2012

AUSTIN ­ The Texas Lottery Commission announced today that the Powerball® game will soon be undergoing significant changes. Under the direction and supervision of the Multi-State Lottery Association (MUSL), Powerball is being redesigned. Jackpots will soon be starting at $40 million, and the jackpot is being made easier to win. The overall odds of winning any prize will also be made easier, and there will be more chances to win a prize of at least $1 million cash. The ticket price will also change, moving from $1 to $2. "The ongoing success of Powerball has led the Multi-State Lottery Association to explore ways to keep the game fresh for Powerball players," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "With larger jackpots and better overall odds, the new Powerball game is set to generate bigger prizes for players, more commissions for retailers, and, most importantly, increased revenue for the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas." The new Powerball game will debut on January 15, 2012. Tickets in the game will cost $2 and the Power Play® feature will still be available for an extra $1 per play. For that extra $1, players have the chance to win $2 million cash for the match 5 prize. Players in the newly designed game will still choose their first five numbers from a pool of 59. However, the group of numbers in the Powerball pool will shrink from 39 to 35, producing better overall odds of winning any prize in the game. Players today have a 1 in 35 overall chance of winning, which will improve to 1 in 32 in the new game. The Powerball jackpots will start at $40 million, double the current starting jackpot of $20 million. By changing Powerball's ticket price to $2, U.S. lotteries are following the same successful business model used for years with lottery scratch games ­ offering different games at different price points.

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)
"Our players have shown a desire for higher price point tickets so long as there is a corresponding value proposition for their wager. We've seen this in the scratch-off games for many years now at the higher price points, so we fully support the pricing strategy adopted by MUSL. For those players who prefer to keep playing jackpot games for one dollar, we will continue to offer the Mega Millions and Lotto Texas games," said Grief. The new Powerball game will continue to offer players nine ways to win prizes, with its second prize moving up to $1 million in cash from the current $200,000, and the lowest prize level (for those who match just the Powerball) being elevated to $4 from $3.

About Powerball Since Powerball's introduction in Texas on January 31, 2010, the game has generated more than $133 million in sales. Over 30 percent of that amount goes to support Texas education, 50 percent is paid in prizes and 5 percent is paid in commissions to lottery retailers. Powerball is played in 44 jurisdictions across the nation, with players buying more than $3 billion annually in Powerball tickets. The biggest jackpot in the game so far has been a $365 million prize split by eight coworkers at a Nebraska meatpacking plant in February 2006. Powerball drawings are Wednesdays and Saturdays at 9:59 p.m. Central. Wednesday's Powerball jackpot is an estimated $76 million. For more information about Powerball please visit www.powerball.com. Powerball® and Power Play® are registered trademarks of the Multi-State Lottery Association. ###

