NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Thursday, July 2, 2009

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

ABILENE RESIDENT WINS $500 PER WEEK FOR 20 YEARS WITH TEXAS LOTTERY® SCRATCH TICKET
(AUSTIN) ­ Perhaps it was serendipity, a looming lucky 13 or just the hot weather, but Jerry D. Kanady had to stop at the Parkway in Olney at the urgent request of his wife, Nancy, for what would turn out to be a winning experience. "My wife wanted a Coke, so we stopped at the Shell in Olney, where I decided to buy three Weekly Bonus tickets for myself and a couple of other tickets for my wife," Kanady said. "I won $10 on the first ticket, and nothing on the other two, but I thought to myself, `what the heck,' so I bought a few more." While he scratched the second round of Weekly Bonus tickets in their van, Kanady saw the number 13 come up. "It's our lucky number," Mrs. Kanady said. "When he showed me the number and the prize that was attached to it, all I could think was, `Thank you, God.' My husband, however, was so surprised that he uttered some colorful words at seeing that we had just won $500 per week for 20 years." The couple took the ticket back into the store so the clerk could run it through the terminal to determine if it was indeed a winner. Mrs. Kanady gave the clerk $20, all she had in her purse, because the young lady had sold them the ticket.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

The prize could not have come at a better time. Mr. Kanady just retired in May from the City of Abilene, where he had worked for 17 years in the Parks Department. Due to his health issues and his wife's recent wrestling match with breast cancer, which she has won, financial matters have been front-andcenter for the couple. "I took an early retirement because we had some financial issues to work out and I had to take a penalty for doing that," Kanady said. "This prize is now going to be like an extra retirement check." And that, Mrs. Kanady says, will allow them to make the move to Olney to be near their daughter, son-in-law and grand-child. "We don't owe anybody anything now, so we're going to buy a house," she said. "We're not going to do anything crazy. It's just going to be, you know, like `normal life.'" The Kanadys were accompanied to Lottery headquarters in Austin by their daughter, Kelli Cobb. She lives with her husband and children in Olney, where she also tutors low-income children. She is also involved in a program that provides hot lunches for low-income children on weekends. Prior to making the trip to Austin, Mrs. Kanady bought her daughter a new set of tires. Their son, Balus Holden, remained at home, and despite the trip to Austin, still didn't believe that his parents had won the big prize. "She has always helped us out when we've been in a money-crunch, so I'm just helping her right back," she said. The threesome stayed in Austin an extra day to do some sightseeing and visit the Capitol. "This is the first time I've been to Austin," Kanady said. "I'm eager to visit some of the sites."
(more)

Mrs. Kanady, on the other hand, because of all the excitement and the hip and inky Austin setting, flirted with the idea of getting a tattoo that says, "I'm a cancer survivor," and was still mulling it over as she prepared to return to west Texas. The Kanadys will go home to their dogs and cats, who are integral members of the family. "The dog will only play ball with his UT football, no matter what other kinds of throw-balls we buy him" Mrs. Kanady said. "The cat has probably missed us because we aren't there to open a faucet so she can drink water. Never mind that there's a bowl with fresh water in it." "Weekly Bonus is a one-dollar ticket that offers a great top prize of $500 per week for 20 years, more than one-half million dollars by the time all of it is collected," said Texas Lottery Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "Our winner and his family mentioned to us that they were thrilled to win this prize, and we are thrilled for them. This is the third of the game's five top prizes to be claimed." Kanady bought his ticket at the Parkway, 402 E. Main, in Olney. Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $113 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $20 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery®, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

Note to Editors: A photo of Mr. Kanady is available in jpg format by contacting Leticia Vásquez, leticia.vasquez@lottery.state.tx.us or calling 512-344-5208.

