NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Thursday, July 2, 2009

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

FIRST TOP PRIZE AWARDED IN CADILLAC® ESCALADETM CASH FROM THE TEXAS LOTTERY®
(AUSTIN) ­ Linda J. McGregor of Port Lavaca was in tears and in awe of her prize while at the Texas Lottery® Victoria Claim Center where she was completing the paperwork to collect a Cadillac® Hybrid EscaladeTM. "I am in tears right here on this spot because this is happening to me, because I'm getting to take this car home soon," McGregor said. "I was supposed to go to work, but I called my boss and told him that I'd won this car, and he gave me the time off. This is all so much to take in." In fact, McGregor said she was so overcome with emotion that she couldn't drive. "I called my friend Bobby to come and get me and then drive me to the Lottery Claim Center because I was so flabbergasted I just couldn't do it," she said. "I also asked him to look at the ticket and to tell me if what it said was real. He said, `Girl, you just won this Cadillac,' so off we went." McGregor won $10 on the first Cadillac Escalade Cash ticket she purchased, and it fired up her intuition. "I told myself right then and there that I was going to win the Escalade. I just knew it."

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"This game debuted last week and already we've had the first of the three top prizes claimed," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "This prize carries the honored Cadillac name and is a home-grown hybrid, made here in Texas, making it the gift that keeps on giving, not just to our winner, but to the state's economy and the environment." Indeed, this impressive top prize will be just the thing to be driving, McGregor said. "I'm going to a family reunion in Mississippi next month," she said. "I'm going over there in my new car, which I hope to have by then." The new car owner said she plans to tithe $500 to her church this weekend in gratitude for winning this prize. "I feel so blessed by this and so grateful," McGregor said. "I want everybody to know I won. The fact is that you've got to play to win. If you don't, well, you'll never know." The Quick Stop Food Store, 102 E. Austin Street, in Port Lavaca sold the ticket to McGregor. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $113 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $20 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

Note to Editors: A photo of Ms. McGregor is available in jpg format. Please contact Leticia Vásquez at 512-344-5208 or through email at leticia.vasquez@lottery.state.tx.us.

