NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Monday, July 6, 2009

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

AFTER A YEAR'S ABSENCE FROM PLAYING TEXAS LOTTERY® GAMES, BREMOND MAN WINS $50,000
(AUSTIN) ­After nearly a year of not buying any Texas Lottery® tickets, Kelly Smith was inspired to spend a few dollars as he was buying himself breakfast at the Bremond Kwik Stop on his way to work at Walnut Creek Mining. It turned out to be a winning inspiration. "I had breakfast, bought five Cash Frenzy tickets, put them in my pocket and didn't think about them until later," Smith said. "During my first break I scratched them, won five dollars on the first one, and then I found what I thought was a $50 prize." Smith confessed to the bad habit of only partially scratching the prize area. This time was no exception. "I thought $50 was pretty good," he said. "I figured I might as well scratch the rest of the prize, and that's when I saw the $50,000. I just stared at the ticket." After catching his breath, Smith asked his supervisors to check the ticket for him. They agreed that it was a winner. Smith had a 12-hour training day that Tuesday. He wasn't able to verify his ticket at a retail location until much later that night. But it was that same long day that worked to Smith's advantage, allowing him to come to Lottery headquarters in Austin the next day to collect his prize.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

The Cash Frenzy winner said he already knows what he's doing with his prize, and all of it involves family. Smith's father has recently contended with some serious health issues, so Smith plans to do something special for him. "My dad's a big hunter, and he took me hunting all over the country and in different parts of the world when I was younger," he said. "I'd like to take him on a hunting trip somewhere he'd really enjoy, maybe Colorado or Alaska." Smith said he also plans to take his wife and daughter on vacation before summer's end, maybe to Mexico. "We've heard many of our winners say that they don't know what moved them to purchase a particular ticket at a certain moment, as Mr. Smith did," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "No matter what the reason, it's always great to see a winner use a prize to benefit a parent and the family as Mr. Smith is doing. It makes the excitement of winning even better." Smith bought the ticket at the Bremond Kwik Stop, 306 W. Titus, in Bremond. Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $133 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $21 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

