TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, July 8, 2013 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

FOR JUST $2, TEXANS CAN SUPPORT VETERANS WITH THE TEXAS LOTTERY®VETERANS CASH SCRATCH-OFF GAME
Proceeds from the game benefit the Fund for Veterans' Assistance

(AUSTIN) ­ For just two dollars, Texans can show their support for the state's 1.7 million veterans by purchasing the Texas Lottery's® newest Veterans Cash scratch-off game which benefits the Texas Veterans Commission's Fund for Veterans' Assistance. In conjunction with today's launch of the game, the Texas Lottery will feature public service announcements with legislators from across the state on its official YouTube page. Since the first Veterans Cash game in 2009, more than $25 million has been contributed to the fund which provides grants to local non-profit organizations that provide direct services to Texas Veterans and their families including job placement, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder counseling and housing. This is the ninth edition of the game. "The Texas Lottery is proud of our veterans, and pleased to offer a game that is fun to play and has a positive impact on veterans services in the state," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. The $2 Veterans Cash game features eight top prizes of $20,000 and more than $7 million in total prizes. The overall odds of winning are one in 4.43 for any prize including break-even prizes. In addition to proceeds from sales of the Veterans Cash game, the Fund for Veterans' Assistance is funded primarily through donations, vehicle registrations, the State Employee Charitable Campaign and the Housing Trust Fund.

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

Veterans Cash scratch-off / page 2

The Texas Lottery launched the first veterans' themed scratch- off game on Nov. 9, 2009, following the passage of a bill cosponsored by Senator Leticia Van de Putte of San Antonio and Representative Chris Turner of Arlington during the 81st Legislature. About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $21 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $41 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $15 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs, including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org. ###

