Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - July 18, 2006
Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

CASH FIVE® BECOMES JUST THE TICKET FOR LUCK
(AUSTIN, July 18) - For Luck, it was a Cash Five® ticket that was lucky. Yes, it's true, a man whose last name is `Luck' bought the lone Texas Lottery® Cash Five ticket that gave him the $29,807 he needed to get out of personal debt. It turned out to be one Quick Pick for Thursday night's Cash Five drawing. "One year ago I made a commitment to myself that I was going to be on a cash-basis only and get rid of my credit cards," Arlington resident James Luck said. "I've been working hard to lower my debts, but with this win, I'm free and clear." Luck enjoys spending two dollars daily on Texas Lottery tickets. "I buy one Lotto Texas ticket and one Cash Five ticket, as I've been doing for years, and I only buy Quick Picks," he said. "I almost drove myself crazy a few years ago when I used to play numbers that I'd selected myself. If I missed one drawing, I used to think, `Oh my God, my numbers better not have won because I forgot to get a ticket.' I solved that problem by playing only Quick Picks." "It's really gratifying to hear from a winner that the Lottery has helped him reach his goal," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "As Mr. Luck has shown, Cash Five is a game that has a loyal following among players." Luck works at a produce brokerage in Arlington. That's where he was when he checked his numbers at his desk and promptly went into orbit. "I screamed `I won,'" Luck said. "After a while, everybody knew. My boss told more people about it than I did and was even more excited for me than I was. He's just that kind of guy." Luck could not be contained, however, and in order to get any work done, he knew he had to redeem his ticket ASAP. "This was so exciting that I almost started to freak out," he said. "I couldn't just have the ticket in my pocket anymore. I had to cash it. Even after cashing it, it was going to be hard to concentrate on work." The numbers drawn were 1-6-13-14-26. Luck bought the ticket at the EZ Mart #483 in Arlington, 1901 E. Arbrook Boulevard in Arlington. The store is eligible to receive $298.07, a one-percent bonus of the top-prize amount, for having sold the ticket that matched the numbers drawn. "I feel really blessed to be out of debt, very liberated," Luck said. "I don't have kids, but I know that I'm helping out the schools in the state when I buy a lottery ticket, so I feel good about that, too."

