TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Thursday, July 21, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

AMARILLO VET `DANCING ON THE CEILING' AFTER WINNING $1 MILLION IN $500 MILLION FRENZY
(Austin) ­Amarillo resident Marlon J. Boyd got his Lionel Richie on just after he learned he'd won $1 million playing the Texas Lottery® scratch-off, $500 Million Frenzy. "I turned into Lionel Richie and started `dancing on the ceiling' when I saw that $1 million on the ticket," Boyd said. "Then I turned into one of those people from The Price Is Right and started jumping up and down right there in the store. You always want to win the big prize, but when you finally see it on your ticket, it's just amazing!" Boyd pulled himself together after a few minutes and tore out of the store to drive to Wal-Mart and buy a fireproof and waterproof safe. "I was trying to stay strong, but I wasn't about to let anything happen to that ticket while I waited for the next day to come around so I could cash it." He had been on his way to the grocery store when he stopped at Taylor Petroleum Co. #9, 2100 S. Grand, to cash in two other tickets he had. "I've been going there for only two weeks because I work across from the store, but on Tuesday my intuition told me to go there and buy some tickets. They were happy for me when I won and let me jump up and down all I wanted. After all that, I forgot about the grocery store and dinner. Food wasn't on my mind and my appetite went out the window." Boyd says he plans to help his family and his church with his winnings. "After that, I'm going to keep my dream going and continue with my music," he said. "I plan to stay focused on that, but I might get a new car, too. And, of course, never stop thanking God for this blessing." (more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission News Release, continued) "Mr. Boyd's prize is the sixth of the 40 second-tier prizes of $1 million in this game to be claimed," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "The prize of $1 million is also a good thing for the retailer, who is now eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling this ticket. The top offering in $500 Million Frenzy is $2.5 million, and nine of the 10 available remain unclaimed." A veteran of Operation Iraqi Freedom, Boyd receives medical services at the Thomas A. Creek VA Medical Center located there. "The doctors and nurses, everybody there, make it homefriendly. They really look after you," he said. Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $53 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $12 million, and the Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $92 million. More information about the Texas Lottery is on the official website, www.txlottery.org.
###

