NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Thursday, July 23, 2009

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TOP PRIZE TOTALING $5 MILLION IN 20 YEARS WON BY MESQUITE LEGAL ENTITY
(AUSTIN) ­An annual payment of $250,000 is what the Clewis Investments, LP, Clewis Management, LLC, James P. Clewis, President, can happily anticipate for the next 20 years, after winning the top prize in Set For Life, a scratch-off ticket from the Texas Lottery®. The representative of the Mesquite legal entity said he may have gotten an inkling of what was to come from his subconscious, although he didn't realize it. "Earlier this year, for no reason I can explain, I had a number of dreams about a new car and houses," Clewis said. "I even told one of my daughters about it. I couldn't understand it." Clewis said since he bought the Set For Life ticket in early May, the dreams have stopped. "Now I can seriously think about buying a new home," he said. "I also plan to buy a vehicle, a Chevy Silverado with an extended cab." While those are plans Mr. Clewis is now entertaining, during the time between his purchase of the ticket in early May and his arrival at Lottery headquarters in Austin today, he has been busy with his attorney and his CPA creating a trust fund for his three daughters.
(more) (Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"My youngest is a senior in high school and is already taking a course at Southern Methodist University, and is preparing to go to college, so now she doesn't have to worry about that," he said. "I want to ensure that all my daughters are taken care of in case I'm not around." Before he shared his good news with his daughters, he first told his sister in Palestine. "She's my best friend," he said. "She also takes care of my mother, who's been sick recently. When I told my mother about the prize, she counseled me to `use it wisely,' which I believe I am. I was on the phone with my sister last night, too, and she called me `Mr. Big Shot' because I was picking up this prize today." Clewis was accompanied to Lottery headquarters by Mary Kumar of the Dairy Mart #5, the retailer who sold him the ticket. A few moments after Clewis scratched the ticket, she mobilized herself into action. "There were a few people in the store, so they all knew he had won a big prize," she said. "That's why I got one of my employees to drive him home, even though he doesn't live far from the store." "It's great to learn that our winner will use some of his winnings to help further the college dreams of one of his children, since the Lottery's mission is interwoven with furthering education by supporting the Foundation School Fund, which benefits public education in our state," said Texas Lottery Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "I'd also like to thank our retailer, Mary Kumar, for demonstrating excellent customer service and going the extra mile, almost literally, by coming to Austin with Mr. Clewis and also by ensuring that he stayed safe on his way home from the store with a ticket that had such a significant prize in his hand."
(more) (Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

In fact, Kumar kept Clewis's ticket in her store safe for a few days while he figured out where to keep it safely. He did, however, bring the ticket to Lottery headquarters in a plastic baggie, where it's been since he bought it. Clewis declined to reveal where he's kept the ticket for the last two months. For selling this ticket, the Dairy Mart #5, 211 W. Grubb Drive in Mesquite, is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000. While collecting the prize for the legal entity, Clewis was happily surprised to learn that the money would be in the bank after three business days. "I thought it was going to take two weeks," he said. "This is great news. Now I can plan to take my daughters and my eight grandchildren out for a big dinner maybe as soon as next week. They've been asking about that." Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $48 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $27 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

