NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Monday, July 23, 2007

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5210 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

MONTHLY BONUS WINNER WILL USE PRIZE TO CARE FOR ELDERLY MOTHER, COLLEGE FOR CHILDREN
(AUSTIN) ­ Rebecca C. Ramirez of Houston said she knew right away what she was going to do with the $2 million-plus prize she won on the Monthly Bonus ticket her husband, Jesse, had given her on Saturday, July 14. "I can take care of my mother's needs and her medical bills, and also spend more time with her at home," Ramirez said. "I also know that my two kids will have their college educations taken care of, so they won't have to worry about that either." Ramirez's 82-year-old mother suffers from Alzheimer's disease and must also take dialysis treatments. "Taking care of family is certainly one of the best things a winner can do with a Lottery prize," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "It is also fitting that a prize from the Texas Lottery, which exists to benefit public education, has helped ensure that her children will receive the best education they can, without worrying about how to pay for it." Last Saturday, while on a work-break due to rain, Jesse Ramirez purchased the Monthly Bonus ticket at Stop at Joe's Food Store, his favorite store. He used an old Liberty dime he'd found in the street to scratch the ticket, and then called his wife from his car. She was shopping at Wal-Mart. "I asked her if she was sitting down, and the first thing she asked was had I been in a car wreck," he said. "I had always told her we were going to win the big prize in a Lottery game, and here it was. I gave her the ticket because of everything she does for her mom and everything she's gone through, and now she won't have to work so hard."
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

Ramirez and her husband own a home- and office-cleaning business. She is also a staff assistant at a Houston law firm. The usually-calm-and-cool Ramirez and her husband spent a nervous weekend visiting and re-visiting the Texas Lottery® Web site, making sure that the prize of $10,000 per month for 20 years that she saw on the Monthly Bonus scratch ticket was correct. "We kept looking at the Web site over and over, and then spent the rest of the time not eating or sleeping," she said. "I kept thinking of every possible scenario in my head of what could happen with this ticket that I couldn't do anything else." Ramirez signed the ticket at her husband's urging and then proceeded to hide the ticket in a cabinet. Later she hid it under some pillows where no one would have thought of looking. "There was a point when I called her and couldn`t find her or the kids," Jesse Ramirez said. "I got just a little nervous, because by this time, she had signed the ticket and I had to wonder where she and the kids had gotten to." Next year, the Ramirez family will vacation at Disneyland, a place their children have always wanted to visit. "With this prize money, we're going to get out of debt, take care of my mother's every need, and give our kids the vacation they have always wanted to take," she said. "And we intend to remain frugal, the way we are now." Ramirez declined to be photographed, but was willing to speak to Lottery officials about her winning experience. Stop at Joe's Food Store is located at 6412 N. Main Street in Houston. For selling this ticket, the store is eligible to receive a retailer bonus of $10,000. Tuesday's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $44 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $7 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

