TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - November 27, 2001 Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

Euless Man Claims Share Of Lotto Texas Jackpot
(Austin, November 27) - - For the last nine years, Joel Conway has been buying the same line of numbers twice a week. For his faithfulness to playing his kids' birthdays, he finally came up a winner and got an anniversary present he never expected. "When Lotto Texas first started, I thought of playing the digits in our phone number, but I decided to stick with the birthdays of our children after I realized that some of the birthday numbers and the phone digits were the same," Conway said. "And up until now, this set of numbers had only won me $3 a few times." Conway is an air traffic controller at the Fort Worth Air Traffic Control Center. During his morning break, he was looking through the Sunday paper when he read the one line of numbers he always plays. "I slammed the paper shut thinking that people would see my reaction on my face," Conway said. "I called my wife, told her to get the paper, look at the numbers and call me back. Then I realized I couldn't concentrate on my work, so I went home. Both of us spent the rest of the day floating around the house." Until he put the winning ticket in a safety deposit box at the bank, Conway kept the ticket on the refrigerator with a magnet. Conway's wife, Kitty, for her part, said the rest of the day was "surreal," that her feet never touched the ground even after she gave the news to her mother and her son, Brad, and daughter, Jennifer. "The night before we were taken to the Petroleum Club by a family member for our 30th wedding anniversary," she said. "We missed the drawing and had no idea that we'd won a share in the jackpot on our anniversary." As an air traffic controller, Conway has mandatory retirement at age 56, which he will reach next June. He has been in his job for nearly 28 years. "I won't retire before next June, but this win certainly gives me more options for retirement," he said. "The big thing we're doing is taking a vacation to Disney World in September of next year. That's Jennifer's favorite vacation spot." Mrs. Conway said their only big purchase will be a new van that will have a lift in it for their daughter, Jennifer, who has muscular dystrophy. "I'm not going to retire either," Mrs. Conway said. "I love what I do. I'm a registered nurse who works with the elderly, and it's very satisfying work." The Conway's son, Brad, is a graduate of Texas A&M. He is employed by a bank in Denton and is also studying at the University of North Texas. Jennifer has taken journalism courses at Tarrant County Community College. The winning ticket was purchased as a Cash Value Option, which gives Conway the net present value of the prize, approximately half of the advertised jackpot. Conway's prize totaled $1,147,192, before taxes. For selling the big prize-winner, Jumpin John's, located at 105 Westpark Way in Euless, is eligible to receive a bonus of one percent of the advertised jackpot. Because there were two winning tickets sold, this retailer's share comes to $20,000. The winning numbers were 21-3-5-28-29-7. Those numbers proved to be lucky for someone in Houston on the same night. A ticket sold at Randall's #3067, located at 5161 San Felipe Street, #200, remains outstanding.

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=248 (1 of 2)12/14/2006 4:01:18 PM

TxLottery: News Release

Wednesday's Lotto Texas jackpot is an estimated $4 million. -30.... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org -30-

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=248 (2 of 2)12/14/2006 4:01:18 PM

