NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Thursday, August 2, 2007

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

LUCKY MAN WINS AGAIN; THIS TIME IT'S $100,000 PLAYING GOLDEN RICHES FROM THE TEXAS LOTTERY®
(AUSTIN) ­ Having won as much as $1,000 on Cash 5® in the past, Yorktown resident Leonard Broll was thrilled to claim a top-prize of $100,000 from the Texas Lottery® scratch-off, Golden Riches. However, he didn't really expect to walk out with a winning ticket when he stopped in the local convenience store on his way to work. "I decided to get a copy of Pick 3 for the day draw, and while at the store, I decided to buy a $10 ticket, which was Golden Riches," stated Broll. "I went out to my truck and scratched the ticket. I couldn't believe my eyes." Unfortunately, Mr. Broll wasn't the only one with little faith in the prize. His wife thought he must be joking when he called her at work with the news. "My wife didn't believe me to begin with," claimed Broll. "I had to tell her three times." Although he plays regularly, he always tries to spend in moderation. "I don't play every day, of course," said Broll. "I only buy tickets on pay days." Mr. Broll said he may decide to splurge a bit after this big win. Considering his run of luck, he's thinking about trying out the $50 tickets, now that he can afford them. Still, he has more substantial plans for the bulk of his winnings.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"I may buy a new truck," he mused. "But I'll probably use some of it on a down payment for a new home." Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry spoke favorably about Leonard Broll's attitude toward playing the Games of Texas. "We constantly remind our customers to play responsibly because it only takes one ticket to win," said Mr. Sadberry. "It is good to see that, in this case, the winner made a point to be careful with his spending." The winning scratch-off ticket was purchased from the Taylor Supply located at 207 E. Main in Yorktown. Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $77 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $10 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ... The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

