NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Wednesday, August 05, 2009

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

CALDWELL MAN COLLECTS HEART-JOLTING PURE GOLD SCRATCH-OFF TOP PRIZE OF $50,000
(AUSTIN) ­ Jerry W. Evans of Caldwell bought one Pure Gold Texas Lottery® scratch-off because, as he said, "you only need one," and by his account, it made his heart do a loop-dee-loop. "I was on my way home from work when I stopped to buy one ticket," Evans said. "I scratched the ticket on the way to the house. When I saw that $50,000 prize, I got so excited my blood pressure went up, and I had to pull over. I thought my heart was going to stop. Even my wife thought something was the matter with me when I walked in the door." Pam Evans saw him and right away told him to take some medicine. "When he walked in the door, his face was really red," she said. "I made him sit down and told him to take his blood-pressure medicine." Evans then made his wife sit down. He showed her a flyer from a car dealership that had a good deal on new model vehicles and told her that he was buying a new truck. "Right away I thought to myself that if that's what he wants to do, well, then, alright," she said. "Then he said, `And I `m going to use this to pay for it,' putting the ticket right in front of the flyer. I had to look at that ticket for myself."
(more) (Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

Evans and his wife first called their children, who thought they were kidding them. They called other family members who didn't believe them. Then they told Evans' brother, who had also purchased a Pure Gold ticket. "My brother was bragging that he had won $10 on his ticket," Evans said. "Then I told him I'd won on the same game. When I told him how much my prize was, well, he quit bragging." His kids asked him if they could have the white truck that he drives right now, as a result of his winning this prize. The jury's still out on that, though, according to Evans. He's got other things on his mind. "Right now, I plan to put some of this prize into a CD for my three granddaughters," Evans said of his plans for his prize. "This will be for their college educations. They're one, two, and five, so the money has some time to grow. The rest is going in the bank until I get my head back on straight." Evans and his wife plan to celebrate their 37th wedding anniversary in August with a casino trip to the Shreveport-Bossier City area. With Caldwell being a town of nearly 4,000, word got around quickly that Evans had won a prize. The town, however, is no stranger to big Lottery winners. In January of 1993, Arjustice Morris won $17.6 million playing Lotto Texas®. A second Caldwell resident, Thomas E. Strong, won a $3.6 million Lotto Texas jackpot the very next month. "It's been a while since the town of Caldwell gave us some big lottery news, but now, thanks to Mr. Evans' win, Caldwell is back on the Lottery screen," said Texas Lottery Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "As the Lottery's mission is to generate revenue for the Foundation School Fund, it's gratifying to see that the prize money will be used to help three little girls get a financial boost when they're old enough to go to college."
(more) (Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

Evans bought the ticket at the Texas Totem, 815 SH 36 North, in Caldwell. Evans works at Texas A&M University in the physical plant. "We have a group of about 10 who put in two dollars every week for the Lotto drawings," he said. "We haven't won yet, but we have to play to win." Tonight's Lotto Texas jackpot is worth an estimated $32 million. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $102 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

