TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, August 16, 2010 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

RETIRED SCHOOL TEACHER WINS $500,000 IN GIANT JUMBO BUCKS III SECOND-CHANCE DRAWING
(Austin) ­Joyce Bell of Pearland retired from teaching the fourth grade in Houston-area public schools at the end of May, and thanks to some sisterly encouragement, has now won $500,000 in Giant Jumbo Bucks III. Without her sister's prodding, Bell wouldn't have mailed in her nonwinning Giant Jumbo Bucks III ticket.

"We have a running joke about me winning one day," Bell said. "Since I'm not the kind of person who wins prizes, let me say only that I was quite surprised when I found a message on my recorder from a man at the Texas Lottery. It made me keep asking my husband, `who is that guy?' My husband is still teaching, and this prize is going to help us out a great deal."

Bell has already given away many of her school supplies and aids to some of her fellow teachers, but she continues to feel the pull of teaching.

"Last year, I had such a diverse group, at least one third of them speak mandarin Chinese and many more of them are from different parts of the world, Guatemala, Korea, Vietnam, India, Germany," Bell said. "They wrote a wonderful spy book that incorporated all their travels. I think I'm experiencing a little bit of withdrawal right now; everybody's going back to school except me. I'm now thinking about substitute teaching."

(more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) "It's obvious Ms. Bell loves teaching, and we're grateful to her for the service she rendered to public education," said Texas Lottery Executive Director Gary Grief. "The $500,000 secondchance prize in Giant Jumbo Bucks III will help make her retirement a little sweeter. The Texas Lottery sends its proceeds to the Foundation School Fund, which benefits public education in our state. Giant Jumbo Bucks III is a part of our three-game Jumbo Bucks suite that debuted in May."

The scratch-off game also offers 21 regular top prizes of $100,000, six of which have been claimed. It also has 21 second-tier regular prizes of $5,000, seven of which have been claimed.

The winner requested minimal publicity. Tuesday's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $86 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $5 million, and Powerball® is an estimated $64 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official website at www.txlottery.org. ###

