TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION
News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, Aug. 12, 2013 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

NEW HOUSTON TEXANS SCRATCH-OFF GAME NOW AVAILABLE AT TEXAS LOTTERY® RETAILERS
(AUSTIN) ­ The newest version of the Houston Texans scratch-off game from the Texas Lottery® is back with instant-win prizes up to $100,000 and second-chance prizes perfect for any football fan. "The Houston Texans and their fans know how to celebrate game day," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "We are glad to add the fun of scratch-offs to this proud football tradition." This is the fifth version of the game. To date, the Houston Texans scratch-off games have resulted in $92.8 million in sales with $62.7 million in prizes awarded to winners. The new $5 game offers more than $19 million in total prizes. This year, the Houston Texans game features 10 instant-win top prizes of $100,000 each. Players who don't win instantly may enter their tickets into any of the five promotional second-chance drawings to be held throughout the run of the game. More than 300 prizes will be awarded in each of the drawings. The promotional second-chance drawing prizes are:  Private Plane Away Game Trip ­ Owner for a Weekend- Prize package includes travel by private plane to and from an away game, hotel accommodations, police escort to game, suite tickets, pregame sideline access, opportunity to meet the team's owner and more.  Texans Tailgate ­ Prize package includes travel, hotel accommodations, a Texans tailgate with refreshments and entertainment, a Texans-branded gas grill, 10 tickets to a home game with pre-game sideline passes and a Texans merchandise gift bag.

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

New Houston Texans scratch-off game/page 2

 VIP Texans Season Tickets Package- Prize includes two sets of season tickets located between the 30 yard lines for the next two complete seasons of Texans home games, a Texans merchandise gift bag and two pregame sideline passes to a preseason game.  Autographed authentic jersey from a Texans star player. "We are excited to offer winners of the Houston Texans scratch-off games the opportunity to participate in some unique behind-the-scenes experiences this fall," said Texans President Jamey Rootes. "We are also proud to support public education throughout the state of Texas through the lottery's Foundation School Fund."

About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $21 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $41 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $15 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs, including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org.

About the Houston Texans The city of Houston was awarded the National Football League's 32nd franchise on October 6, 1999 thanks to an effort spearheaded by local businessman Robert C. McNair; and on September 8, 2002, the Houston Texans made their regular-season debut, returning the NFL to Houston after a five-year absence. That night, the Texans became the first expansion team in NFL history to win its debut game, defeating the Dallas Cowboys 19-10. The Texans play at Reliant Stadium, the first retractable-roof stadium in the NFL, and home to the largest in-stadium HD video displays in the world. The Texans have sold out every game at the stadium in franchise history. The Houston Texans are the two-time defending AFC South division champions; and in 2013, the Texans were named the 13th most valuable sports franchise in the world and the 5th most valuable NFL franchise by Forbes magazine with an estimated value of $1.3 billion. ###

