TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, Aug. 16, 2013 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

HOUSTONIAN'S LAST MINUTE POWERBALL PURCHASE LEADS TO $2 MILLION WIN
(AUSTIN) ­ With only seven minutes of ticket sales left for the $300 million Powerball® drawing on Aug. 3, Pauline Sanders of Houston purchased two tickets with the Power Play® option included and won a second-tier prize of $2 million. "I asked God to let me have enough to take care of my family. It's faith, family and friends first for me," said Sanders. Sanders plays the lottery regularly and especially likes the Pick 3TM game, which she says gave her a $15,000 win a few years ago. When she heard the Powerball jackpot was an estimated $300 million, she rushed to the Big Diamond Number 1 #565 at 901 Bunker Hill in Houston. At work the next day, Sanders heard that someone won $2 million at the Bunker Hill store. She checked only the first number and the Powerball on the way home. The first number matched, but not the Powerball. Convinced she wasn't the winner, she decided to wait and see if anyone claimed the prize. Later curiosity got the best of Sanders, and she checked the ticket on her phone. She couldn't believe what she saw and asked her sister to check the ticket, too. One of her tickets matched all five numbers (21 ­ 24 ­ 36 ­ 42 ­ 45) but not the Powerball (15). Her sister said, "You won a million dollars!" Sanders replied, "No, I won two million!" Because Sanders selected the Power Play option for an additional $1 per play, her $1 million second-tier prize automatically doubled to $2 million.
(more) Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

$2 million Powerball winner from Houston/page 2

"It's easy to see why players like Ms. Sanders enjoy this game. Since Powerball sales began in Texas, players in the state have won more than $306 million." said Gary Grief, executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission. Sanders and her family were up until the wee hours of the morning unable to sleep from the excitement of winning. Although she wanted to claim the prize right away, her father urged her to get her affairs in order first. "I'm going to do this the right way, so that it continues to be a blessing," said Sanders. About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $21 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $41 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $15 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs, including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. The Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball®, Mega Millions®, Lotto Texas®, All or NothingTM, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org. ###

