NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Thursday, August 23, 2007

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5210 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

NO JOKE HERE, LUBBOCK WOMAN REALLY WON $1 MILLION PLAYING $1 MILLION EXTRAVAGANZA
(AUSTIN) ­ Charleen Austin is a notorious practical joker, so much so that when she scratched a Texas Lottery® $1 Million Extravaganza ticket and saw a huge prize, Austin immediately started looking around for her friends thinking they'd slipped her a phony winning ticket in their efforts to dish up some payback. "I just knew my friends Mac and Linda were somehow playing a joke on me" Austin said. "I didn't want to get out of the car jumping up and down if they were capturing it with a camera." Austin purchased the ticket last Friday at the Raff and Hall Family Park, where she often shops. She scratched the ticket while in her car. "My legs felt like they each weighed a ton when I got out of the car to go back in the pharmacy to show the ticket to the girls at the counter," she said. "They couldn't confirm it there, but one of the girls scanned the ticket and just shook her head, `yes.'" As with many winners, Austin said her spouse didn't believe her when she called him on the phone with the news. "He kept saying `uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh,'" she said. "I asked him, `Honey, do you understand?' and he said, `uh-huh.'" Austin said she decided to keep the news within a very small circle, confined mostly to her close friends and family. "I wasn't trying to be too secretive, but I just didn't want to have to go back and explain if I was wrong," she said. "It's just too good to be true. But we're going to take time to be wise with our money."
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"Most of our winners, and their family and friends, feel exactly as Mrs. Austin does, incredulous at winning a Texas Lottery prize of such significance," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "Buying a Texas Lottery ticket brings good fortune to many of our players, and it helps us bring needed resources to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas." Austin says her mind has been spinning, already spending her prize a million different ways in her head. "I'm a member of Caprock Classic Car Club, and a few years ago, I sold the car I had," she said. "I'm thinking of buying it back, but it might not happen." This is the first of the four top prizes of $1 million in this game to be claimed. The Raff and Hall Family Park retail outlet is located at 3404 Interstate 27 in Lubbock. For selling this ticket, the store is eligible to receive a retailer bonus of $10,000. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $201 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $17 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

