TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION
News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Tuesday, August 23, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEXAS LOTTERY® PLAYERS GET ANOTHER CHANCE TO WIN WITH DALLAS COWBOYS SCRATCH-OFF GAME

(Austin) ­ With the Dallas Cowboys in high gear preparing for the 2011 season, fans can feel like they are part of the game when the new Dallas Cowboys scratch-off ticket goes on sale September 12. Texas Lottery® and Dallas Cowboys representatives introduced the newest version of the $5 game today at Cowboys Stadium. "It is an honor and privilege for the Texas Lottery to once again partner with the Dallas Cowboys in introducing the third version of the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "The previous two versions of the ticket have generated more than $110 million in sales and more than $5 million in commissions for our valuable retailers around the state. Most importantly, over $21 million in revenue has been generated to help fund education in Texas." "We are thrilled about the continuation of our partnership with the Texas Lottery," said Jerry Jones, Owner and General Manager of the Dallas Cowboys. "I have seen firsthand the excitement our fans get from winning many of the unique second-chance drawing items. In addition to their enjoyment, it is also very satisfying to know how much this ticket has contributed to funding the education of the youth of Texas." The new Cowboys game offers a top instant prize of $100,000 while continuing to offer exciting second-chance drawing prizes of signed jerseys, "Wild Weekend" suite packages, Draft Party packages, season tickets and Dallas Cowboys gift cards.

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) "The stories we have heard from our previous second-chance drawings winners have been incredible, in particular their comments regarding the hospitality of the Jones family during the `Wild Weekend' and Draft Party trips. This is a testament to the Cowboys' world class organization," Grief said. An exciting new feature of this year's Cowboys game will allow players to enter the promotional second-chance drawings via the Texas Lottery website. Entries sent via any other method will be disqualified. More game information and instructions on how to enter the promotional secondchance drawings will be available on the Texas Lottery website, www.txlottery.org, once sales of the game begin. ###

