TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, Aug. 29, 2012 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

TEXAS LOTTERY® INTRODUCES NEWEST VETERANS CASH SCRATCH-OFF GAME Proceeds from the game to benefit the Fund for Veterans' Assistance
(AUSTIN) ­ This week, the Texas Lottery® launched its newest Veterans Cash scratch-off ticket, the seventh edition of the game, which benefits the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. Since the launch of the Veterans Cash game in 2009, more than $20 million has been contributed to the fund which grants non-profit and local government organizations with funding to provide direct services to Texas Veterans and their families. "We are proud of our Texas veterans, and pleased to offer a game that is fun to play and has a positive impact on veterans services in the state," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "With 11 top prizes of $20,000, and more than $7 million in total prizes, we think our players will agree that this game is a win-win for lottery fans and military veterans." The Fund for Veterans' Assistance, administered by the Texas Veterans Commission, addresses a broad range of veteran needs throughout the State of Texas, including financial assistance, counseling for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder and mental health concerns, and housing for our homeless veterans. In addition to proceeds from sales of the Veterans Cash game, the Fund for Veterans' Assistance program is funded primarily through donations, vehicle registrations, the State Employee Charitable Campaign and the Housing Trust Fund. The Texas Lottery launched it's first-ever veterans' themed scratch- off game on Nov. 9, 2009, following the passage of a bill cosponsored by Senator Leticia Van de Putte of San Antonio and Representative Chris Turner of Arlington during the 81st Legislature. (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

Veterans Cash scratch-off / page 2

About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated more than $20 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $38 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed more than $14 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. Celebrating its 20th anniversary this year, the Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball, Mega Millions, Lotto Texas, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit www.txlottery.org. About the Texas Veterans Commission The mission of the Texas Veterans Commission is to advocate for and provide superior service to Veterans and their families in the areas of disability claims assistance, employment services, education benefits and grant funding. Over 200 skilled counselors in 75 cities provide one-on-one guidance to Veterans and their families to ensure they receive all of the benefits to which they are entitled. For more information about the Texas Veterans Commission services click here: http://www.tvc.texas.gov/Home.aspx.

###

