TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: September 8, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131
   

TEXAS LOTTERY® SETS NEW SALES RECORD
MORE THAN $1 BILLION IN REVENUE GENERATED
(Austin) ­ Generating more than $1 billion in revenue for the state of Texas for the eighth consecutive year, the Texas lottery has set a new sales record in fiscal year (FY) 2011, which ended August 31, with total sales of $3.811 billion, surpassing the previous record of $3.775 billion set in 2006. "The growing popularity of Powerball® and the continued strong performance of instant tickets were keys to our success this year," said Gary Grief, Executive Director for the Texas Lottery Commission. "Add to that the good work performed by the Texas Lottery staff and our valuable retailers around the state, and you end up with a new standard for lottery sales in Texas." "I am extremely proud of the job done by the Texas Lottery Commission in the past fiscal year," said Texas Lottery Commission Chairwoman Mary Ann Williamson. "The integrity and security of the Texas Lottery are paramount to this success. Revenue from the sale of lottery tickets in Texas is dedicated to public education and I am pleased with the strong results this year." In addition to the new sales record, other new records were also achieved. "Our retailers, who are absolutely critical to our success, earned slightly more than $190 million in commissions, which is a new record. Players hit the jackpot as well, winning more than $2.4 billion in prizes, also a record," said Grief. Revenue transferred to the state in FY 2011 totaled more than $1.025 billion, including: · · · $963.1 million to the Foundation School Fund $8.1 million to the Fund for Veterans' Assistance $53.8 million in unclaimed prizes transferred to the General Revenue Fund (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

 

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)
 

"All told, the Texas Lottery returned approximately 95 percent of sales to the state in the form of prizes; retailer bonuses and commissions; and contributions to the Foundation School Fund, the Fund for Veterans' Assistance and other state programs," said Grief. "While we will take a moment to enjoy this year's new sales record, we are already in high gear for the new fiscal year, and with a possibly enhanced Powerball game coming in January along with other exciting games planned throughout the year, we fully intend to keep the momentum going." For more information about the Texas Lottery, visit www.txlottery.org

