NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Friday, September 14, 2007

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

DAILY 4TM GAME-LAUNCH APPROACHES WITH EXCITING NEW ADD-ON FEATURE, SUM IT UPTM
(AUSTIN) ­ After months of careful planning and preparation, the Texas Lottery® introduces its first new game in almost four years. On October 1st the agency will launch Daily 4TM, rounding out the mix of numbers-named online games that include Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM and Cash 5®. "One way the lottery succeeds in generating revenue for the state is by continually evaluating our products to see where new opportunities exist," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "After reviewing the market research, we feel confident that this product will be wellreceived by our customers." As the name suggests, Daily 4 drawings will feature four winning numbers. Players may select all four numbers or choose the two-number option by selecting only the front, middle or back pair of numbers. Although it introduces some unique choices, the new game also makes use of popular components from Pick 3. Features already familiar to Pick 3 players include a fifty-cent minimum wager, twice-daily drawings held Monday through Saturday and a multi-draw purchase option. Plus, players will select from a variety of play styles corresponding to those offered in Pick 3, such as Straight (Exact), Box (Any), Straight/Box (Exact/Any) and Combo. In addition to the new game, an exciting new add-on feature will be released, Sum It UpTM. This feature allows players to win a prize even if the numbers they picked aren't drawn. For an additional wager of 50 cents to $5, players whose numbers add up to the sum of the numbers drawn receive the Sum
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

It Up prize. For example, a player who selects 1-2-3-4 (sum = 10) can win if the numbers 5-0-5-0 (sum = 10) are drawn. Ticket sales for Daily 4 with the Sum It Up add-on feature will begin September 30. Sum It Up will also be added to Pick 3 starting in November. For more information about these products, please visit the official Texas Lottery Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.
NOTE TO EDITORS: Additional information & playing instructions for the new game are available online at the following address: http://www.txlottery.org/export/sites/default/Misc/How_to_play_daily_4.html

