NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Friday, September 15, 2006

Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144

TAYLOR MAN WINS A MILLION DOLLAR `DEAL'
(AUSTIN) ­ It's just as nerve-wracking scratching the Texas Lottery® DEAL OR NO DEAL instant ticket as watching the show, according to Taylor resident Kenneth Sharp. After comparing amounts that gradually became eliminated, Sharp found himself the first recipient of the top prize for the new ticket, $1 million ($50,000 paid annually for 20 years). "I took it home and read through the instructions," said Sharp. "It's a process of elimination. I saw the MILLION DOLLAR prize wasn't listed to be eliminated and I just worked it out from there." The ticket, released to Texas Lottery retailers earlier this week, mirrors the television game-show, Deal or No Deal, on NBC. "I have found myself getting upset at those people up there," Sharp said about contestants participating on the show. Sharp purchased his ticket at Lake Drive Texaco, located at 312 West Lake Drive in Taylor. The retail owner is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling the top-prize winning ticket. "The Deal or No Deal ticket is the latest in our line-up of scratch games that are recognizable because they mirror a popular trend outside the lottery," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "In the past, we've included tickets featuring iconic personalities, like Lucille Ball, and American legends like Harley-Davidson. Our players can relate to those images and enjoy playing the games that remind them of the things they love."

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

Sharp told lottery officials he plans to retire soon from his 12-hour-a-day, six-day-a-week work schedule. "That's the kind of schedule for a younger person," he added. "My wife and I are also going to pay off some bills." Besides the top prize of $1 million, the $5 ticket features other cash prizes ranging from $5 to $100,000. The overall odds of winning, including break-even prizes, are 1 in 4.18. As of today, there are two top prizes unclaimed. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

...
The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

NOTE TO EDITORS: Photographs of Kenneth Sharp are available upon request. All photos are sent via e-mail in jpg format. Please contact Kristina Tirloni at (512) 3445144 or e-mail at kristina.tirloni@lottery.state.tx.us to make your request.

