TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, September 16, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

LOYAL MONTHLY BONUS PLAYER WINS FIRST $2.4 MILLION TOP PRIZE, PLANS TO WIN MORE
(Austin) ­ Scott E. Crosson of Lake Jackson believes in loyalty. He plays the Texas Lottery® scratch-off game Monthly Bonus regularly and always uses the same numbers when he plays Lotto Texas®. His persistence paid off when he claimed a top-prize win in Monthly Bonus. He'll receive $10,000 per month for the next 20 years, for a total prize not to exceed $2.4 million. "I was sitting on the couch watching UT play BYU, and I pulled out my ticket and started scratching." Crosson explained he had no trouble figuring out that he'd won, "I knew immediately, as soon as I saw that dollar. I got up, grabbed my keys and went to my parents' house to show them." Crosson says he's not done winning just yet. There are three top prizes left unclaimed in Monthly Bonus, and he'd like to win another one. "I'll absolutely keep playing. I'll start picking up more tickets on my way home." The T & T Grocery located at 227 Old Angleton Road in Lake Jackson is eligible for a $10,000 retailer bonus for selling the winning ticket. Having played at the store for years, Crosson says they deserve the bonus. "The people at the store work hard. That's where I purchase my Lotto Texas numbers every week. If I win the big one, I want them to get something, too." "Mr. Crosson's loyalty to his favorite games certainly paid off, and it's good to hear that loyalty extends to the store," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "This story reminds us that our retailers are providing outstanding service to our players every day." (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) This is the eighth version of the Monthly Bonus game to be offered. Introduced in January of this year, the game features a total of more than $52 million in prizes. Overall odds of winning any prize are one in 4.94, including break-even prizes. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $65 million. Saturday's Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $20 million, and the Lotto Texas jackpot is an estimated $6 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit www.txlottery.org. ###

