NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Wednesday, September 23, 2009

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

The Texas Lottery® Reminds Players to "Sign Your Ticket"
The Texas Lottery® wants to remind all its players to sign the back of their ticket(s). This is an effective safeguard to prevent another person other than the rightful owner of a lottery ticket from claiming a large prize if the ticket is lost or stolen. "The Texas Lottery has implemented a number of tools for players to check their tickets for potential winners or to assist them in clerk-assisted validation, but signing the back of your ticket is the best method of protection," said Texas Lottery Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. In addition to the agency's ongoing "Sign Your Ticket" campaign, the following tools are available to assist players when checking their tickets for potential winners: · Players can obtain printed results slips from any Texas Lottery retailer and use the information to check their own on-line tickets (for example: Lotto Texas®, Texas Two Step®, Mega Millions®, etc.). · Lottery terminals at Texas Lottery retailer locations produce an audible tone when tickets are scanned by retailer clerks. One of four distinct "Sounds of Winning" tones will play every time a scratch-off or on-line ticket is scanned for validation or inquiry to let players know if their ticket is a winner or not. These tones help reduce errors, improve communication and minimize confusion for players and retailers. Samples of the four distinct tones are provided on the Texas Lottery Web site to increase player familiarity.

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) · Players should ask for their "receipt" during a clerk-assisted ticket validation transaction. Lottery terminals print two receipts every time a ticket is validated on the terminal as a record of the transaction, one for the retailer's records and one for the player. · Players are currently able to check their own tickets at self-service equipment, called "check-a-ticket" terminals, installed at more than 10,000 Texas Lottery retailer locations across the state. These terminals allow players to easily check for themselves the winning status of both scratch-off and on-line game tickets. The check-a-ticket terminals allow players to scan a ticket and receive a visual message that shows the prize amount, or that the ticket is not a winner. Over the next year, the Texas Lottery intends to install additional check-a-ticket terminals, with the ultimate goal being that all Texas Lottery retailer locations offer this service to the players.

The Texas Lottery's mission is to ensure the security and integrity of the Games of Texas. It's with this in mind that the agency provides these tools for players to use when checking their tickets. As a reminder, don't forget to "Sign Your Tickets!" For more information regarding the Texas Lottery, visit www.txlottery.org or call 1800/37-LOTTO.

###

