TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION
News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Sept. 25, 2013 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131
 

DALLAS COWBOYS SCRATCH-OFF GAME AVAILABLE AT TEXAS LOTTERY® RETAILERS
(AUSTIN) ­Texas Lottery® players and Dallas Cowboys fans have one more reason to celebrate football season with the latest version of the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game. The fifth version of the $5 game offers more than $29 million in instant prizes including 12 top prizes of $100,000. To date, the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game has resulted in $184 million in sales with $125 million in prizes awarded to winners. 

Players who do not win instantly can enter their tickets into any of the five promotional secondchance drawings to be held throughout the run of the game.

"We always look forward to the start of football season and to joining forces with the Dallas Cowboys to offer this exciting game," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "The promotional second-chance drawings provide a unique playing experience and the opportunity to win once-in-a-lifetime opportunities."

More than 1,000 prizes will be awarded in each of the second-chance drawings. Prizes include:  The Dallas Cowboys "Wild Weekend" package for 20, which features a suite at a Dallas Cowboys home game, tours of team facilities, a pre-game party and travel accommodations  The opportunity to go inside the War Room on Draft Day with Jerry Jones and VIP passes to the Dallas Cowboys Draft Party (includes travel on the Dallas Cowboys luxury bus)    Pair of season tickets for the next complete season of home games Autographed authentic jerseys from star Dallas Cowboys players $100 Dallas Cowboys gift cards (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

 

Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game/page 2  

"We are thrilled to be moving into our fifth year as partners with the Texas Lottery," said Jerry Jones, Owner and General Manager of the Dallas Cowboys. "Over the past four years, I have been able to witness the excitement our fans enjoy from experiencing many of the one-of-a-kind second-chance drawing prizes. It is very satisfying to know this partnership has also contributed millions of dollars to funding the education of the youth of Texas."

About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $21 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $41 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $15 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. The Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball®, Mega Millions®, Lotto Texas®, All or NothingTM, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org. ###

