TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, October 1, 2010 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

DALLAS COWBOYS FAN IN CRANDALL WINS 2011 SEASON TICKETS IN 2ND-CHANCE DRAWING
(Austin) ­Wayne Kent of Crandall is a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. For proof, look no further than his garage-turned-dedicated Cowboys parlor, complete with a Cowboys couch, a Cowboys rug, and photographs of the Cowboys Ring of Honor. When he got the call from a Texas Lottery® official informing him that he had won 2011 season tickets in a recent second-chance drawing, Kent was disbelieving. He had entered seven nonwinning Dallas Cowboys scratch-off tickets thinking that he stood no chance to win.

"My mind went blank, I was without words," Kent said. "Then I thought about my wife and my little girl. I thanked the man from the lottery and called my wife immediately. She was so happy she couldn't stop jumping around."

Kent is an automatic door technician and was on a job when he learned of his prize. He told lottery officials he considers his prize "a true blessing" for his family. Asked if he would ever take someone other than his wife, possibly a family member, to one of the games, Kent took a breath before he replied. "I don't think my wife is going to allow that."

"It's always great to meet a die-hard Dallas Cowboys fan, and Mr. Kent has all the proof of it anyone would ever need to see right there in his former garage," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "We're pleased to award him this prize that he and his family appreciate so much, and we look forward to seeing him and his wife sitting between the 30-yard lines next year. Texas Lottery proceeds from the sale of tickets are sent to the Foundation School Fund to benefit public education." (more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

Kent said he plays only sports-related Texas Lottery scratch-off games. His advice to other lottery players is "always play what's in your heart." Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $32 million. Tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $8 million, and the Powerball® is an estimated $48 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official website at www.txlottery.org. ###

