NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Friday, October 2, 2009

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEXAS LOTTERY® ANNUITY PRIZE CEMENTS RETIREMENT DREAMS FOR BEDFORD TEACHER
(AUSTIN) ­Paula R. Ward of Bedford has been thinking all year about retiring sometime in the next couple of years from her job as a physical education teacher in the Irving Independent School District, a job she's had for 29 years. Now those thoughts have jelled into reality, thanks to winning the top prize in Monthly Bonus, $10,000 per month for 20 years. "I've been thinking about it because I'll hit a birthday next year that makes me eligible to retire," she said. "This prize of $10,000 per month for 20 years gives me the security I need for retirement and saves me from having to work a few more years." Like so many baby boomers who now contemplate being retired and doing things they only wished they could have done before, Ward is also thinking about what she'll do once she finishes out the school year. "This gives me the opportunity to do other things out in the world," she said. "I love animals and I've thought of possibly working in a veterinarian's office. As an avid golfer, I think working at a golf course would also be fun. I can't just stay home. I'd be bored." In addition to teaching and coaching, Ward also has driven a school bus and refereed games, something she continues to do. "I've enjoyed all of it," she said. "This prize gives me some new opportunities, but I'm not going to let it change me."
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"Like so many of our public school teachers, Ms. Ward goes the extra mile for her school and her students, so we're doubly happy to award this prize to her that is going to help out with her retirement," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "The Texas Lottery exists to generate revenue for the Foundation School Fund that funds public education, and giving this major prize to a public school teacher is especially gratifying." Ward bought the ticket from an ITVM at Kroger's #521, located at 2109 Harwood Drive in Bedford. For selling the winning ticket, the store is eligible to receive a $10,000 retailer bonus. This is the third of the four top prizes offered in this game to be claimed. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $105 million, and tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $63 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery®, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

