NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Monday, October 2, 2006

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

$50,000 FOR 20 YEARS TEXAS LOTTERY® PRIZE WON BY NORTH TEXAS MAN WILL REALLY LET HIM RETIRE AND EVEN GO ON A REAL HONEYMOON
(AUSTIN) ­ One day, 10 years from now, John A. Beard will really be able to retire and have fun with his grandkids, his birds, his dogs and, oh yes, his wife, Sharon, with whom he can finally go on a honeymoon. The night pressman at the Wichita Falls Times Record News won the top prize in the Texas Lottery® Deal or No Deal, which is $50,000 annually for 20 years. "When I become eligible for retirement, I'll really be able to tell myself that I can quit working," he said. "And now, I can take Sharon on the honeymoon she and I have always wanted, a cruise to Alaska, just the two of us." The Beards' first honeymoon consisted of meeting his parents and then going to a baseball game to watch Nolan Ryan pitch. "My husband is the ultimate Nolan Ryan fan, and I like him, too, but not enough to call it a honeymoon when I go watch him play baseball," she said. Beard purchased his ticket last week at the Rogers #3, located at 2906 Central Expressway North in Wichita Falls. Since then, it has been a whirlwind of continuing disbelief, congratulatory hand-shakes, happy phone calls, good wishes, news stories in the Wichita Falls Times Record News, some crying and not a whole lot of sleep for Beard and his wife.

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"The first person to call us on Thursday morning was one of my good, good friends, the funeral director in Burkburnett, real early in the morning," he said. "The whole town has been very supportive and very nice. I've been telling myself that I'll be able to really rest and relax once I came to the Lottery to collect my prize," he said. "I think what will really happen is that I'm going to sit down and cry." "The Deal or No Deal instant ticket was an instant hit with our players, who have been buying it consistently since we issued it in September," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "This is the second of the three top prizes in the game to be claimed, too." "My husband likes game shows, and that's why he bought this ticket," said Mrs. Beard. "Winning this prize also lets me know we're going to make it every month, too." Beard has made the one purchase he absolutely needed to make. "I bought a 2007 Chevrolet Silverado pick-up truck, which is what we drove to Austin in," he said. "In fact, it had only 2 miles on it when I got in it the first time. We gave away the little car we had to someone who really needed a vehicle." The last seven days have been filled with high-octane excitement for Beard and his family. Once they relax, he'll take the family out for a meal. "I think we're going to celebrate with a big dinner at the Texas Road House," he said. "I love the food there, and I know we'll have a great time." For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

...
NOTE TO EDITORS: A photograph of John A Beard is available upon request. All photos are sent via e-mail in jpg format. Please contact Leticia Vásquez at (512) 344-5208 or e-mail at leticia.vasquez@lottery.state.tx.us to make your request.

