from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

NEWS
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Friday, October 03, 2008

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

SILSBEE WOMAN BECOMES FIRST WINNER OF TEXAS RANGERS LIMITED EDITION SILVER SERIES MOTORCYCLE PRIZE
(AUSTIN) ­Doris Biskamp of Silsbee doesn't play Texas Lottery® games or games of chance frequently, but when she does, look out! This week, Biskamp became the first winner of the top merchandise prize in the Texas Ranger Limited Edition Silver Series scratch-off ticket, a custommade motorcycle commissioned by the Texas Ranger Hall of Fame and Museum in Waco. The game offers five motorcycle prizes. "I was in Silsbee on Sunday, and while I was in the store decided for no particular reason to buy the ticket in bin #11," Biskamp said. "I very seldom buy tickets, and I chose the ticket just out of the blue, didn't even know what it was." She scratched the ticket while sitting in the store parking lot. Realizing what she'd won, she called one of her sons to give him the news. "He didn't believe me, of course, even after I called him a second time," she said. "I went home to show my husband the ticket and he got really excited. I told him it might just turn out to be his birthday present. We told our other son the news, and called the other one more time and made a believer out of him. Then both of them proceeded to tell all their friends." This win illustrates how Biskamp manages to win when she does play, almost by happenstance, a game of chance.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"Two years ago, I was in a store and bought another Lottery scratch ticket, for no particular reason," she said. "I won $500." Several years ago, she and one of her sons entered a bass fishing contest. The top prize was a $36,000 fishing boat. "My son and I entered the contest because the ultimate goal of the tournament was to raise money for a worthy cause," she said. "I wanted to be a part of that. But I kept a positive attitude about it and knew that if we did the best fishing we knew how to do, we could win. And we did. We still have that boat, too. So I always tell my friends and family to keep a positive attitude; it'll get you lots of places in life." "We've had winners tell us in the past that they knew their positive attitude about winning a prize helped them get the prize they wanted, just as Ms. Biskamp believes," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "Best wishes and smooth riding to Ms. Biskamp." Riding the motorcycle will be a trip down memory lane for Biskamp. "I used to ride on motorcycles when I was younger," she said. "Getting on this chopper will be nothing new for me." This is the first of the four motorcycle instant-win top prizes to be won in the game. Three additional motorcycles will be awarded through second-chance drawings. Texas Ranger Limited Edition Silver Series also offers six cash top prizes of $50,000 each, one of which has already been claimed. Biskamp bought the ticket at JR's Food Mart, 1240 N. 5th, in Silsbee. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $42 million. Tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $14 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org.

...

Note to editors: A photo of Ms. Biskamp is available in jpg format by contacting Leticia Vásquez at 512-344-5208 or by sending an email to Leticia.vasquez@lottery.state.tx.us.

