TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Tuesday, October 4, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

NEDERLAND MAN WALKING ON AIR AFTER $100,000 TOP PRIZE WIN IN HOUSTON TEXANS SCRATCH-OFF
(Austin) ­ Dillard F. Leonard of Nederland says he's enjoyed many Texas Lottery® wins over the years, including a lower-tier prize in the very first Lotto Texas® drawing, but none were quite as exciting as winning a $100,000 top prize in the Houston Texans scratch-off game. "I was walking on air," said Leonard. "Would you believe I won on the first Houston Texans ticket I bought?" This is the third top prize to be awarded in the Houston Texans game, which features a total of more than $17 million in prizes. "Considering that Mr. Leonard is such a long-term player of Texas Lottery games, this may not count as beginner's luck," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "Still, the fact that he won on his first ticket demonstrates once again that it only takes one ticket to win. We remind our players to follow Mr. Leonard's lead and to enjoy our games responsibly." Leonard will continue to play his favorite games, including Mega Millions® and Powerball®, and he has a message for other Texas Lottery players. "It's going to happen to someone. You could be the next winner."

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) Houston Texans tickets that don't reveal an instant prize are eligible for a second chance to win big. Players can enter their non-winning tickets online at www.txlottery.org/luckzone for the five second-chance drawings to be held throughout the run of the game. Second-chance prizes include Texans "VIP Suite Weekend" packages, "Private Jet Away Game Trip ­ Owner for a Day" prizes, season tickets for two years, or autographed authentic Texans jerseys. The deadline to enter the first drawing is this Friday, October 7. The Food Spot #3 located at 1900 Helena Ave. in Nederland sold Leonard his top-prize winning Houston Texans ticket. Tonight's Mega Millions jackpot is an estimated $12 million. Wednesday's Powerball jackpot is an estimated $58 million, and the Lotto Texas jackpot is an estimated $11 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit www.txlottery.org. ###

