NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Tuesday, October 6, 2009

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

FORT WORTH WOMAN WINS DALLAS COWBOYS SEASON TICKETS
(AUSTIN) ­ Fort Worth resident Leticia Rojo is one of twenty winners of 2010 Dallas Cowboys season tickets in the Texas Lottery® second-chance drawings for the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game. Rojo will have two reserved seats between the 30-yard lines. "I'm excited to check out the new stadium," said Rojo. "It's so big." Undaunted when she didn't win an instant cash prize, Rojo entered four non-winning tickets in the first second-chance drawing. The Dallas Cowboys scratch-off offers cash prizes, as well as the opportunity to win exciting merchandise and once-in-a-lifetime experiential prizes to be awarded in second-chance drawings held throughout the run of the game. To enter, players can fill out the back of any non-winning ticket,

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

affix a first-class stamp, and mail the entry to the address printed on the ticket. Rojo took a moment to let the news sink in, saying, "I was in shock. I was so surprised I didn't think it was for real at first." Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief said, "The name Dallas Cowboys is definitely a draw, and it is players like Ms. Rojo who have made this game a success. We are proud to be working with the Dallas Cowboys organization to support public education in the state of Texas." Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $122 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $64 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...
Note to Editors: A photograph in jpg format is available by contacting Robyn Smith at 512-344-5477 or robyn.smith@lottery.state.tx.us. For a complete list of winners, please visit: http://www.dallascowboys.com/texaslottery/texaslotteryWinners.cfm

