NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Tuesday, October 13, 2009

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

KINGSVILLE RESIDENT SAYS SECOND-CHANCE WIN OF COWBOYS SEASON TICKETS IS "AWESOME"
(AUSTIN) ­John Monroe of Kingsville almost fell over when he got the call from officials at the Texas Lottery® telling him he'd won a pair of 2010 season tickets to the Dallas Cowboys games in the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game. "When you answer the phone and somebody tells you that you're going to see the Dallas Cowboys, you just don't believe it," Monroe said. "It was an awesome feeling. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan straight up, which is why I bought the Dallas Cowboys ticket to begin with. " Monroe says he comes from a long-time Lottery-playing family. "My dad plays Pick 3 every day, he loves it, and Daily 4, too," he said. "My mom has been playing since day one. She bought the very first scratch-off, Lonestar Millions, and got a star, which meant that she was able to enter a drawing for $1 million. It's fun." Monroe told his parents first and then proceeded to tell everybody he knew about his prize. "I told my family, my friends and people I work with," he said. "I couldn't stop talking about it. Everybody has been happy for me, and they also tell me that I'm really lucky. I think so, too." Until garnering his current prize, the 24-year-old Monroe said the most he'd won was $500.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"I bought one of the $50-tickets last year and won a prize I didn't expect," he said. "Sometimes I'll buy a big one on payday." "Mr. Monroe received the kind of phone call that all Cowboy fans would love to receive," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "He won the opportunity to see the Dallas Cowboys play an entire season, and in their new stadium, too. Who wouldn't think that's `awesome?'" Four additional second-chance drawings are scheduled. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $170 million, and tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $70 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

Note to Editors: A photo of Mr. Monroe is available in jpg format. Contact Leticia Vásquez at leticia.vasquez@lottery.state.tx.us, or call 512344-5208.

