NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Tuesday, October 13, 2009

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

SAN ANTONIO RESIDENT WINS DALLAS COWBOYS DRAFT PACKAGE WITH DALLAS COWBOYS GAME
(AUSTIN) ­Alice Suhonen of San Antonio may have a tussle on her hands in early 2010 when she decides who to take with her to enjoy the Dallas Cowboys "Draft Weekend" package she won in a Dallas Cowboys Texas Lottery® second-chance drawing. "My son-in-law is a diehard Cowboys fan," she said. "He wore his Dallas Cowboys shirt, hat and socks when we went to the Lottery Claim Center to pick up the prize." Suhonen is no slouch in the Cowboys fandom department, either. "I've been a fan of the Cowboys since before Tom Landry," she said. "I also met Bob Lilly back when he was part of the `Doomsday Defense.' He was with Lee Roy Caffey of the Green Bay Packers at a club I happened to be in with another friend." At next year's football draft, Suhonen has won the opportunity to be inside the "War Room" with Cowboys owner Jerry Jones and observe player evaluations and strategies. The rest of the prize package includes transportation on the Dallas Cowboys luxury bus to the official draft party; two VIP passes to the Cowboys draft party; airfare travel or ground transportation; and hotel accommodations.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"I've never won anything this big before, and it is really exciting to think I'm getting to see this," Suhonen said. "Ms. Suhonen certainly knows her Dallas Cowboy history," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "This prize clearly has gone to someone who has a deep appreciation of the place the Dallas Cowboys hold in the hearts of millions of Texans." Three additional second-chance drawings are scheduled. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $170 million, and tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $70 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

Note to Editors: A photo of Ms. Suhonen is available in jpg format. Contact Leticia Vásquez at leticia.vasquez@lottery.state.tx.us, or call 512-344-5208.

