NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Tuesday, October 13, 2009

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

SAN DIEGO MAN GETS BIRTHDAY SURPRISE IN DALLAS COWBOYS SECOND-CHANCE DRAWING
(AUSTIN) ­ Johnny Rodriguez, of San Diego, Texas, likes the Dallas Cowboys, and his wife enjoys Texas Lottery® scratch-off tickets. It turned out to be a perfect match when Rodriguez got the call, shortly before his birthday, telling him he'd won a pair of 2010 season tickets in the first of five Dallas Cowboys second-chance drawings. It all started when he found his wife's stack of Dallas Cowboys scratch-off tickets. "I said, `I'm going to sign these.' I had some extra stamps I put on there, and she put them in the mail," explained Rodriguez. "She mails them all out."

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

Rodriguez said he has a couple of games he is really looking forward to. "If they play against the Giants in Dallas, I'd like to see that, and Thanksgiving, too, would be good." Dallas Cowboys scratch-off players who don't win one of the instant cash prizes can enter the second-chance drawing by filling out the back of each non-winning ticket, affixing a first-class stamp and mailing the ticket to the address printed on the back. "The fact that Mr. Rodriguez won his tickets before his birthday certainly makes for good timing," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "The excitement continues with the next second-chance drawing to be held on November 17." Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $170 million. Tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $70 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

Note to Editors: A photograph in jpg format is available by contacting Robyn Smith at 512-344-5477 or robyn.smith@lottery.state.tx.us. For a complete list of winners, please visit: http://www.dallascowboys.com/texaslottery/texaslotteryWinners.cfm

