TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, October 14, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

JEWETT RETAILER FOLLOWS UP LOTTO TEXAS® JACKPOT WITH $1 MILLION SCRATCH-OFF PRIZE
(Austin) ­ "Blessed." That's how Robert Allen of Buffalo describes himself after winning a $1 million top prize in the scratch-off game Texas Lottery® Black-Series II-Limited Edition, which he purchased from the Discount Center at 1303 N. Main St. in Jewett. This isn't the first time a Texas Lottery® player has benefitted from a purchase at the Discount Center. Last December, SMITHDEMMET, LLC, Billy J. Smith, President, of Buffalo claimed a Lotto Texas® grand/jackpot prize advertised at $12 million. That ticket was purchased from the Discount Center with the Cash Value Option, giving it a total value of $8,000,256, before taxes. Store representative Amanjit Kaur said, "We are totally excited. My daughter was working and called me at home and told me she sold a million-dollar ticket. She was shaking and crying. She was so excited." "The lady at the store was so excited," Allen agreed. "I was stunned. I thought I would jump up and down and do my million-dollar dance if I ever won, but I just sat there staring at that ticket." The Discount Center is eligible for a $10,000 retailer bonus for selling Allen his winning ticket. Plus, the store received a $120,000 retailer bonus for the Lotto Texas grand/jackpot prize win.

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) Allen claimed the last of six top prizes in the Texas Lottery® Black-Series II-Limited Edition game. The game is set to end on November 26, but a new version, Texas Lottery® Black-Series III-Limited Edition, has already been introduced. Four top prizes of $1 million each currently remain unclaimed in that game. "God blessed me with this," said Allen. "I wanted a $7 ticket, a $5 ticket and a $10 Set For Life. Well, they were out of the Set For Life, so I said, `Give me one of those.' I'd say I was lucky, but really, I believe I was led there." For Allen, the prize came at the perfect time. His family recently incurred some significant medical expenses. "Every win is special, but this claim is especially remarkable. It is notable for happening not only at an important time for Mr. Allen but also less than one year after the Discount Center sold a Lotto Texas jackpot winner," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $30 million. Saturday's Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $105 million, and the Lotto Texas jackpot is an estimated $14 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit www.txlottery.org. ###

