TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, October 15, 2010 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TRENTON RESIDENT ELATED WITH 2011 DALLAS COWBOYS SEASON TICKETS WON IN TEXAS LOTTERY® DRAWING
(Austin) ­To hear Cynthia Blount of Trenton tell it, she could not be happier than she is after winning a pair of 2011 Dallas Cowboys season tickets that resulted from a Texas Lottery® Dallas Cowboys second-chance drawing.

"It's awesome," Blount said. "When I talked to the woman from the Lottery who gave me the news, I couldn't stop screaming and smiling. In fact, I was hoarse for two days after getting the news. This is the best feeling ever!"

A life-long fan of the Cowboys, Blount says her parents also felt the same way. "My dad was a big fan as far back as I can remember, and my mother went to school with Don Meredith's brother, so we talked about the Cowboys a lot when I was growing up. My son encouraged me to send in my two non-winning scratch-offs to the drawing. Because he was so persuasive, he will receive a set of tickets to attend a game next year."

Blount told Texas Lottery officials she is not a regular player, buying only the occasional ticket. "I never win, but you have to play to win. How else would I have these season tickets? To me, Dallas Cowboys is really a special ticket."

"Our winner is right, Dallas Cowboys is a special ticket and you do have to play to win," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "Ms. Blount won the tickets in the secondchance drawing that took place September 21. We've got four more scheduled, and there will be 20 winners of season tickets per drawing."

(more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued) Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $72 million. The Lotto Texas® jackpot for tomorrow is an estimated $12 million, and the Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $34 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official website at www.txlottery.org. ###

