NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Friday, October 17, 2008

Media Relations, 512-344-5131 Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477

TEXAS LOTTERY® OFFICIALS TO HOST LIVE SECONDCHANCE DRAWING AT THE STATE FAIR OF TEXAS®
(AUSTIN) ­ Players shouldn't give up hope if their Texas Lottery® Texas Ranger Limited Edition Silver Series scratch-off tickets don't win instantly. This Sunday, October 19, at 3 p.m., officials from the Texas Lottery will host a live second-chance drawing for a limited edition motorcycle at the Texas Lottery Game Show booth inside the State Fair of Texas®. Non-winning tickets will be accepted at the booth until 2 p.m. the day of the drawing. The Texas Ranger Limited Edition Silver Series game offers seven custom motorcycles commissioned by the Texas Ranger Hall of Fame and Museum in Waco and designed by LDT Customs, Inc. Three of those top-prize vehicles will be awarded during second-chance drawings. Players who can't make it to the State Fair of Texas can enter the other drawings by filling out the form on the back of each non-winning ticket, affixing a first class stamp and mailing the ticket. Entries in envelopes will not be accepted, and players must be at least 18 years old to enter. The second drawing will be held on November 18, 2008, with a third to be scheduled after the end of the game. Each Texas Ranger Limited Edition Silver Series motorcycle is customized to the winner's specifications. The vehicles also come with a certificate from the Texas Ranger Hall of Fame and Museum, signed by an acting or distinguished retired Captain of the Texas Rangers. Winners will receive a 5-

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

year family pass to the Texas Ranger Hall of Fame and Museum, and a plaque engraved with the winner's name will be placed on permanent display there. Doris Biskamp of Silsbee claimed the first of four instant-win motorcycles in early October. More than $19 million in prizes are available in the Texas Ranger Limited Edition Silver Series game. Odds of winning any prize are one in 3.70, including break-even prizes. Those who don't want to risk missing out on the limited edition motorcycles can purchase the bikes directly from LDT Customs, Inc., www.ldtcustoms.com or (830)966-5167.

...
The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

