Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - October 19, 2006
Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

A Flash Of Intuition At The Grocery Store Leads San Antonio Man To $50,000 Top Prize
(Austin, October 19) - Carl Ham of San Antonio was at the HEB grocery store when it occurred to him that he should buy one Texas Lottery® ticket from a vending machine. He spent $5 on a Luck of the Draw scratch-off. "I've played on and off for several years, and even though I go to the HEB all the time and see the ticket vending machine, this time I had an intuition, something told me to buy a ticket," Ham said. "I scratched the ticket while I was in the store and realized I'd won some money, so I got out of there as fast as I could. I thought I'd won $5,000." Ham needed to get to his medical appointment that morning, so his review of his ticket was quick while he sat in his car in the parking lot of the HEB #555 located at 910 Kitty Hawk Road in Universal City. It was there that he realized he had won not $5,000, but $50,000. "I was already so nervous by the time I got to my car," he said. "I called my wife and my mother and they both kept saying that I needed to calm down and not to do anything to hurt myself. When I got to the doctor's office, my blood pressure was a little bit higher than usual, too." "The fact that this is a $5 ticket with a top prize of $50,000 has made Luck of the Draw one of our most popular tickets," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "Through last weekend, there remains one more top prize to be claimed. The game started out with six top prizes of $50,000 and 14 of $5,000, and eight of those have been claimed." Ham collected his prize at the Texas Lottery claim center in San Antonio and quickly went straight to the bank to deposit his money. He made a copy of the ticket, however, to show his wife. "She's one of those who has to see it to believe it," he said. "So I'm making sure she doesn't have to take just my word for it." The retired military man said he planned to save half of his prize and pay bills with the rest. His prize after taxes were withheld was $37,500.

"Maybe I'll take a trip, too," he said. "I've been so excited about this, I don't even know what to think." For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... NOTE TO EDITORS: A photograph of Mr. Ham is available upon request. All photos are sent via e-mail in jpg format. Please contact Leticia Vásquez at (512) 344-5208 or e-mail at leticia.vasquez@lottery.state.tx.us to make your request.

