NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Friday, October 19, 2007

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5210 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEXAS LOTTERY® JOINS SILVER ALERT NETWORK
(AUSTIN) ­The Texas Lottery Commission in September joined the newly-opened Silver Alert Network, which assists efforts by the Department of Public Safety (DPS) to find missing senior citizens. The Texas Lottery Commission is working in conjunction with the Division of Emergency Management at the DPS, the state agency tasked by Governor Rick Perry with implementing the Amber Alert Network in Texas. The Texas Lottery® is now issuing alerts at the 16,000-plus Lottery retail locations on LED screens and on the lottery tickets printed at online terminals. "We're pleased to participate with the DPS on this potentially life-saving effort," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "When a local law enforcement agency gets a report of a missing elderly person, it calls the DPS, which then confirms that the Silver Alert network should be activated. A message is then sent to GTECH personnel, who then send a message to the lottery retailers' terminals." "The participation of the Lottery in this statewide program is the result of Senate Bill 1315, by Senator Carlos Uresti of San Antonio," Sadberry said. "Though the legislation does not mention the Texas Lottery by name, because the Lottery lends assistance in Amber Alert occasions through the DPS, it is also now part of the Silver Alert program." The legislation outlines procedures to be used by local law enforcement to verify that a senior citizen is missing and has an impaired mental condition. SB 1315 also stipulates that the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) assist the DPS to implement the alert. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

