TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, October 19, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

DALLAS COWBOYS FAN FROM WEATHERFORD WINS SEASON TICKETS IN SECOND-CHANCE DRAWING
(Austin) ­ The last second-chance drawing in last year's Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game occurred recently. In that drawing, Ralph B. Massengill, Jr. of Weatherford won a pair of tickets between the 30-yard lines for every Dallas Cowboys home game next season. "I'm excited. I always wanted to go to a Cowboys game," said Massengill. "I promised a coworker I would take him to one of the games, and I have a friend I'll take to a game or two. I'll probably have a lot of friends next season." A new version of the Dallas Cowboys game was introduced in September and features more than $29 million in prizes. There are 21 top prizes of $100,000 each and 62 second-tier prizes of $5,000 remaining unclaimed. Overall odds of winning any instant prize are one in 3.67, including break-even prizes. "The instant prizes in the Dallas Cowboys game are certainly exciting," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "But our players also enjoy the exciting secondchance prizes including `Wild Weekend' trip packages for 20, `Draft Party' trip packages for two, signed jerseys, gift cards, and, of course, season tickets." Players who don't win instantly can enter their non-winning tickets in the second-chance drawings at www.txlottery.org/luckzone. The next drawing for this year's Dallas Cowboys game is scheduled for November 16, and entries are due by November 11. Massengill also plans to enter the final drawings for the Jumbo Bucks III suite of games. He prefers games with second-chance drawings because, "If I can't win the first time, I always have another chance." (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) For Texas Lottery players looking to replicate Massengill's win, he has a simple piece of advice, "You've got to play. If you don't play, you don't win." Tonight's Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $124 million, and the Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $15 million. Tomorrow's Texas Two Step® jackpot is an advertised $1.05 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery®, please visit www.txlottery.org. ###

