from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

NEWS
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Tuesday, October 21, 2008

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

2 A.M. CALL FROM MOM GOES UNREMEMBERED; WOMAN DOESN'T KNOW SHE'S GETTING TOP PRIZE IN TEXAS LOTTERY® SCRATCH-OFF, SUPER SET FOR LIFE
(AUSTIN) ­Stacie Aleia Smith and her husband, Jerel, of Pasadena were sound asleep, as most people are at 2 a.m., when the phone rang. Stacie's mother, Lottie Wells, was calling to let her know that she'd just scratched a Super Set For Life Texas Lottery® scratch-off ticket and that she'd won $7.5 million. "I thought my mother was telling me that she'd gotten a call from Publisher's Clearinghouse and that they told her she'd won something," Smith said. "When Jerel asked me about it the next day, I told him my mother had called to tell me some foolishness about getting something in the mail from Publisher's Clearinghouse." In the morning, Mr. and Mrs. Smith went off in different directions to run their Saturday errands. "I was standing in the middle of Wal-Mart shopping when my mother called me and said, `I thought you said you were going to call me,'" Smith said. "I didn't even remember that I'd told her I'd call. Then she told me what she said during the 2 a.m. phone call, and all I could say was, `you did what?'" Slowly, the magnitude of the news sunk in. Smith asked her mother incredulously, "How much is that, momma? Are you playing with me?" The back-and-forth continued for a few minutes on the phone, until it occurred to Smith to hurry over to see her.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"I was standing in the middle of the aisle, trying to make sense of what my mother had just told me, that the top prize in the game was $500,000 per year for 15 years," she said. "I called my husband, who was at the tire store, and he also couldn't believe what my mother told me." When Smith finally got to her mother's home in Baytown, Wells gave her one more piece of news. "That's when she told me she wanted me to have the ticket," she said. "So we're going take care of this money and help my mother, my grandmother, my great grandmother and others. Just the fact that my grandmother and great grandmother are still alive and doing so well should tell you we're already blessed. I'm also going to finish my education degree and my cosmetology courses. We're going to invest most of this money, too. We want to be wise and stay humble." Smith has already been a teacher in the Head Start program, as well as at her church, which includes leading the girls' youth group. "It's fitting that our winner should utilize her prize money to complete her college degree," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "The Texas Lottery's mission is to generate funds for the Foundation School Fund, which benefits public education, and it is always rewarding to see a winner use prize money to further their education." Wells purchased the ticket at the RPS Discount and Tobacco Store, 1600 N. Alexander Drive, in Baytown. For selling this ticket, the retailer is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000. This was the first of four top prizes offered in this game to be claimed. The new winner requested minimal publicity.

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $42 million. Tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $4 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org.

...

