NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Wednesday, October 21, 2009

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

ARLINGTON WOMAN NABS TEXAS LOTTERY® CHOPPER AT STATE FAIR IN 2nd-CHANCE DRAWING
(AUSTIN) ­Proving that it takes only one ticket to win, Stacy Kaiser of Arlington won a Texas Lottery® Lucky Rider chopper after entering her sole non-winning ticket in the drawing for a handsome black and red Lucky Rider chopper at the State Fair on Sunday. "I watched as lots of people each entered handfuls of tickets right before the drawing," Kaiser said. "I thought to myself that I didn't stand a chance of winning. I let it go and went home." A few hours later while Kaiser was at home, she got the call informing her that she was now a chopper owner. "I thought somebody might have been playing a trick on me," she said. "I called my parents and my husband. He was the one who called the Lottery to get confirmation of the prize." With disbelief still lingering, Kaiser visited the Texas Lottery Claim Center in Dallas to complete the paperwork to collect her prize that will be custom made for her. "In our second-chance drawings, we have to call winners at home or on their cell phones to give them the news," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "The reaction is always the same; nobody can believe that they've won a prize. The value of this chopper prize also includes tax, title and license."
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

This is the first of three choppers that will be available through second-chance drawings. Kaiser said she buys Lottery tickets every time she buys gas. "I play the scratch-offs and the other games, too," she said. "I really enjoy all of them." Tonight's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $76 million. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $18 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

Note to Editors: A photo of Ms. Kaiser is available in jpg format. Contact Leticia Vásquez at leticia.vasquez@lottery.state.tx.us, or call 512344-5208.

