TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, October 23, 2009 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

GEORGETOWN MAN WINS SWEET SUITE PRIZE IN 2ND-CHANCE TEXAS LOTTERY® DRAWING
(AUSTIN) ­A thrilled Anthony "Tony" Kallus of Georgetown wasted no time putting together a list of friends and family members who will join him in Houston to enjoy a prize he won in a Texas Lottery® second-chance drawing, a VIP Suite Package for a Houston Texans game. "My non-winning Houston Texans ticket wound up winning me this incredible prize," Kallus said. "It's not just being in the suite with a big group of friends and family, it's everything else that comes with it, the airfare, hotel and dinner. On top of that, we get access to the tunnel as the lineup comes out. That's amazing." Kallus got the call from a Texas Lottery official early in the morning while he was drinking coffee and picking up the morning paper from his front yard. "I had to ask the young man, `Are you for real?'" he said. "That was all I could think to say. When someone calls you and tells you you've won a prize like this one, what else are you going to think?" "Mr. Kallus' enthusiasm is exactly the kind of reaction we were hoping for when we were deliberating the second-chance-drawing prizes," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "This prize package has a lot

(more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

of fun built into it, and we're grateful to the Houston Texans for helping to put this together and making it such a memorable experience for the winner." The prize consists of the following: · Tickets in a private Team Luxury Suite for a Texans home game during the current or 2010 season for the winner and 13 additional friends and/or family members; · Round-trip airfare or ground transportation, hotel accommodations and dinner for the entire group; · Access to the Texans Tunnel during the lineup presentation; · Texans merchandise bag consisting of a polo shirt, hat and Texans Power Towel for the entire group. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $18 million. Tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $4 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ... Note to Editors: The winner's photo in jpg format is available. Please contact Leticia Vásquez at leticia.vasquez@lottery.state.tx.us or 512-344-5208.

