NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Thursday, October 23, 2008

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

SECOND TEXAS RANGER LIMITED EDITION SILVER SERIES MOTORCYCLE AWARDED IN LIVE DRAWING
(AUSTIN) ­ Sunday afternoon, Texas Lottery® officials joined an excited crowd on the last day of the 2008 State Fair of Texas® to hold the first of three second-chance drawings for top prizes in the Texas Ranger Limited Edition Silver Series scratch-off game. Rosemary Hopper of Fort Worth was the lucky winner drawn at that event. She purchased her ticket from the Swif-T-Prom Event retailer at the State Fair the Thursday before the University of Texas and University of Oklahoma Red River Rivalry game, but unlike the Texas Longhorns, she failed to capture a prize after scratching the ticket. Rather than throw away her non-winning ticket, she chose to enter it in the second-chance drawing. Now, she is set to become the proud owner of a Texas Ranger Limited Edition Silver Series custom motorcycle. Only one hundred of these vehicles, commissioned by the Texas Ranger Hall of Fame and Museum in Waco and designed by LDT Customs, Inc. of Vanderpool, will be produced. Each custom motorcycle comes with a certificate signed by an acting or distinguished retired Captain of the Texas Rangers, a 5-year family pass to the Texas Ranger Hall of Fame and Museum, and the honor of having the owner's name engraved on a plaque to be permanently displayed in the museum. More than $19 million in prizes are available in the Texas Ranger Limited Edition Silver Series scratch-off game. Odds of winning any prize are
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

one in 3.70, including break-even prizes. Seven motorcycles are available, four as instant-win prizes and three through second-chance drawings. Doris Biskamp of Silsbee claimed the first instant-win motorcycle in late September. The game also offers six $50,000 cash prizes. Players who want a second chance to win can enter the next two drawings by filling out the form on the back of each non-winning ticket, affixing a first class stamp, and mailing the ticket. Entries in envelopes will not be accepted, and players must be at least 18 years old to enter. The second drawing will be held on November 18, 2008, with a third to be scheduled after the end of the game. Those who don't want to risk missing out on the limited edition motorcycles can purchase the bikes directly from LDT Customs, Inc., www.ldtcustoms.com or (830)966-5167. Tonight's Texas Two Step® jackpot is $275,000. Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $12 million. For more game details, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ... The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

