TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, October 27, 2010 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

PHILADELPHIA TRUCK DRIVER WINS $1 MILLION ON MEGA MILLIONS® TICKET BOUGHT DURING TEXAS RUN
(Austin) ­ Arthur Lee Holmes does not get through Texas as often as he would like, but every time he's here he buys a multi-draw Mega Millions® ticket with the Megaplier® feature. The Philadelphia truck driver's most recent purchase won him $1 million in last Friday's Mega Millions drawing.

"At first I thought I had not won because the numbers on the printout were shown as they had been drawn, and I had them in sequential order from another source," Holmes said. "When I got hold of myself and really looked at my ticket and the printout together, it quickly became a matter of where I would collect my prize. I was on my way to Tulsa from near Fort Worth this weekend, and had to bring back a load to deliver in Humble this morning, which is the long way of saying I collected my prize in the Houston Claim Center."

The numbers on Holmes' ticket are not quite personal selections. Several years ago he got a Quick Pick that had numbers he liked and has been playing them ever since. He won on the first of the 10 drawings on his multi-draw ticket.

"After I pay off my debts, I'm going to save some of my prize for retirement and also share it with my family," he said. "They'll be really surprised; they don't know yet. I had one chance to redeem my ticket this week because I'm on my way to Chicago and I don't know when I'll be back. Even though I will buy lottery tickets in other states, I'll be checking my Texas Lottery tickets frequently."

(more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"Mega Millions is a favorite not just among Texas players, it has fans all over the country," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "While we know that Mr. Holmes can buy Mega Millions tickets in any one of 42 jurisdictions, we're pleased that he won such a significant prize with a ticket he purchased in Texas."

Holmes bought the ticket at the Golden Express Truck Stop, 8417 North U.S. Highway 287 in Alvord. The numbers drawn were 2-7-18-32-53, and the Mega Ball was 18. The Megaplier number was four. Friday's Mega Millions jackpot is an estimated $140 million. The Lotto Texas® jackpot for tonight is an estimated $15 million, and the Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $72 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official website at www.txlottery.org. ###

