TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, October 28, 2009 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

SAN ANTONIO 2nd-CHANCE DRAWING WINNER GARNERS DALLAS COWBOYS "AWAY GAME TRIP FOR TWO"
(AUSTIN) ­Augustin Gonzalez of San Antonio entered his non-winning Dallas Cowboys
scratch-off ticket into a second-chance drawing hoping he might win an autographed jersey. Instead, he won a Dallas Cowboys "Away Game Trip for Two." Speaking on behalf of his father, Edward Gonzalez said, "This is such an exciting prize, one that we never thought we'd win. We were hoping we'd maybe get an autographed jersey. This prize is really big." The younger Gonzalez said he and his siblings have watched the Cowboys since they were children. "It's a tradition in Texas, you just grow up watching the Cowboys," he said. "All of our relatives are very excited for us, and we also are happy that we won." "Whether you're attending the big game or watching it on TV on Sunday afternoon, football in Texas is a tradition unto itself," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "We're pleased to offer exciting prizes through our second-chance drawings, such as traveling to watch the Cowboys play in a stadium outside of Texas. Thanks to our partnership with the Dallas Cowboys organization, we're able to do just that." The next second-chance drawing for the Dallas Cowboys game will be held November 17. Players who wish to enter the drawings can fill out the back of each non-winning Dallas Cowboys ticket, affix a first-class stamp and place the ticket in the mail.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

Tonight's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $5 million. Friday night's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $40 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery®, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org.

...

Note to Editors: A jpg-format photo of the winner is available by contacting Leticia Vásquez @leticia.vasquez@lottery.state.tx.us or 512-344-5208.

