TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Thursday, October 28, 2010 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

NOT BEING "PUNKED," FORT WORTH WOMAN NOW A BELIEVER AFTER WINNING CHOPPER IN TEXAS LOTTERY® SECOND-CHANCE DRAWING
(Austin) ­ On the one ticket that Bonnie McElroy of Fort Worth sent in to a Texas Lottery® second-chance drawing, she won the top prize, a custom-built Lucky Rider chopper that has made her think twice about all the other tickets she had not sent in over the years.

"The lottery made a true believer out of me," McElroy said. "When I first heard the message from the man at the Lottery on my voicemail, I thought I was being punked. That was the first thing I asked him when I called him back, `Are you trying to punk me?'"

After being reassured that the matter was on the up-and-up, McElroy said she let herself be "astounded" by what happened. "I told everybody at work. Now everybody is sending in their tickets. These second-chance things really work. This really made me remember all the other tickets I could have sent in for other second-chance drawings and didn't."

McElroy is a 31-year employee of Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Company in the Fort Worth area, providing private support to different areas of the organization. She delivers tools and equipment to certain sections of the company during the workday.

"It's true, real people win in the second-chance drawings," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "The Lucky Rider game awarded seven custom-made red and black motorcycle prizes, with the tax, title, license and federal withholding taxes built into the total prize value. This chopper was delivered to the Fort Worth Claim Center where Ms. McElroy picked it up. Her name was selected in the last second-chance drawing for this game on June 8." (more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $140 million. The Lotto Texas® jackpot for Saturday is an estimated $16 million, and the Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $87 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official website at www.txlottery.org. ###

