TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, October 28, 2009 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

SAN ANTONIO COWBOYS FAN WINS 2010 SEASON TICKETS IN TEXAS LOTTERY® 2ND-CHANCE DRAWING
(AUSTIN) ­Israel P. Rodriguez of San Antonio bought one $5 Dallas Cowboys scratch-off ticket only because the ticket was about the Dallas Cowboys. "Just seeing the words `Dallas Cowboys' got my attention," Rodriguez said. "I entered my nonwinning ticket hoping I'd win something, anything, it didn't matter what, as long as it was about the Cowboys." Rodriguez was at work when the call came from a Texas Lottery® official informing him that he'd won season tickets for 2010 in the second of five second-chance drawings to be held in the Dallas Cowboys game. "This is a fake," Rodriguez told the caller. "I asked him repeatedly if this was a joke, but he kept insisting, and when he gave me directions to the San Antonio Claim Center and instructions about what to do, it hit me that he wasn't faking." Rodriguez said his parents weren't just thrilled for him, "they were proud for me," he said. "My sister also told me that the tickets for one of those weekend games in Dallas are hers, so that's that. I told lots of people about winning these tickets. Now they all want to go with me." The University of Incarnate Word student is majoring in biology and hopes to enter the medical field. "I want to do something to give back to my community," he said. "With the silver and blue team colors on the Dallas Cowboys tickets and this being football season, it's no surprise that the ticket caught Mr. Rodriguez's eye," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "This game offers a top cash prize of $100,000, nine of which remain unclaimed." The next second-chance drawing for the Dallas Cowboys game will be held November 17. Players who wish to enter the drawings can fill out the back of each non-winning Dallas Cowboys ticket, affix a first-class stamp and place the ticket in the mail.
(more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

Tonight's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $5 million. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $40 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ... Note to Editors: A jpg-format photo is available by contacting Leticia Vásquez at leticia.vasquez@lottery.state.tx.us, or 512-344-5208.

