FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, Oct. 29, 2012 MEDIA CONTACT: 512-344-5131, mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

TEXAS LOTTERY® PLAYERS, START YOUR ENGINES!
Circuit of The AmericasTM partners with Texas Lottery on new scratch-off game (AUSTIN) ­ As motorsports fans from all over the world get ready to converge on Texas next month for the 2012 FORMULA 1 UNITED STATES GRAND PRIXTM, the Texas Lottery® and the Circuit of The AmericasTM today announced that they have partnered to produce $50,000 Fast Cash, a racing themed scratch-off game that will launch on Oct. 29. "$50,000 Fast Cash gives racing enthusiasts one more way to take part in the excitement surrounding the new Circuit of The Americas while supporting a great cause," said Gary Grief, executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "By making a pit stop at a local lottery retailer to purchase the new $5 game, players will be helping the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas." The $50,000 Fast Cash game offers 10 top prizes of $50,000, and more than a million other cash prizes ranging from $5 to $1,000. Overall odds of winning any prize in the game are 1 in 3.11, including break-even prizes. "We are pleased to partner with the Texas Lottery on this new game that helps fund public education and we look forward to future opportunities to work together," said Steve Sexton, president of Circuit of The Americas. "We are committed to giving back and to providing support to institutions and organizations that focus on enhancing educational opportunities for our citizens." The Texas Lottery is also an official sponsor of the Austin Fan Fest Powered by Mobil 1, a festival to celebrate the inaugural 2012 FORMULA 1 UNITED STATES GRAND PRIX. The three-day festival will take place in the heart of downtown Austin, Nov. 16-18.

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

$50,000 Fast Cash /page 2

Festival attendees can purchase the $50,000 Fast Cash game and have a chance to win more prizes at the Texas Lottery Luck Zone that will be located at 4th Street and Congress Avenue.

About Circuit of The Americas Circuit of The Americas will be a world-class destination for performance, education and business. It is the first purpose-built Grand Prix facility in the United States designed for any and all classes of racing, from motor power to human power, and is home to the 2012 FORMULA 1 UNITED STATES GRAND PRIXTM set for Nov. 16-18. Racing series joining the Circuit's 2013 line-up include MotoGPTM, V8 SupercarsTM and GRAND-AM Road RacingTM. The Circuit of The Americas' master plan features a variety of permanent structures designed for business, education, entertainment and race use. Its signature element will be a 3.4-mile circuit track. Other support buildings will include an expansive outdoor live music space, an iconic 251foot tower with observation deck, a conference center, a banquet hall as well as a state-of-the-art medical facility. Future proposed amenities include a driving/riding experience, a motorsports driving club, kart track, grand plaza event center and tower, and a trackside recreational vehicle park. For more information and downloadable video, audio and photos, visit: www.CircuitofTheAmericas.com. About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated more than $20 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $39 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed more than $14 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. Celebrating its 20th anniversary this year, the Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball®, Mega Millions®, Lotto Texas®, All or NothingTM, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org. ###

