Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - February 7, 2005
Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144

Waco Man Wins Spectacular Prize; $1,000,000 From The Texas Lottery®

Hoang Nguyen of Waco claimed the $1,000,000 top prize in Big Money Bonus Spectacular, one of seven scratch off games currently offering players a chance at a cash prize worth $1 million or more.

(Austin, February 7) - Hoang Nguyen of Waco today claimed the first $1,000,000 top prize for the Texas Lottery® Big Money Bonus Spectacular scratch off game. The $20 scratch game is one of seven Texas Lottery instant tickets currently offering players a chance at a cash prize worth $1 million or more. "Hoang plays on and off. You know, like when he's buying gas or making a quick stop for groceries," explained Thanh Tran, speaking on behalf of Mr. Nguyen. "After he scratched it (the ticket) in the store, the clerk told him, 'It's not a winner,' but Hoang knew it was. We drove to the Fort Worth Claim Center to have them check it, and they told us we would have to come to Austin because it was worth one million dollars." "Mr. Nguyen proved himself wise by holding firm to his belief that he was holding a winning ticket," said Reagan E. Greer, executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "Players should always double check their tickets, just in case they might be holding the next million dollar prize, or more. We'd much rather meet the next happy winner, than see prizes go unclaimed." Big Money Bonus Spectacular also offers prizes of $20 to $10,000. Each ticket offers

players up to 20 chances to win. As of today, there are still two $1 million prizes left unclaimed. Overall odds of winning any prize in Big Money Bonus Spectacular are 1 in 2.45, including break-even prizes. "Hoang said he is going to visit his family in Vietnam," said Tran. "He hasn't been back home in five years, since coming to the United States." Nguyen purchased his ticket at EZ Shop, located at 3730 North 19th Street in Waco. The retail owner is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling the top prize-winning ticket. Today's winner has requested minimum publicity. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ...

