Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - January 10, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Lottery Winner Helps Out Those Who Helped Her With $30,000 Tripler Bingo Prize

Winner Maureen Kincaid of Austin poses with her $30,000 ceremonial check.

(Austin, January 10) - Maureen Kincaid is starting the New Year by paying off all her bills and helping out her church and her family, who were there for her when she needed help. "This last year has been hard, but my family and two churches have really helped me out," Kincaid said. "I now want to help out and say 'thank you' to those who have been so kind to me, and I want a zero balance on my bills, too." She won the $30,000 top prize playing Tripler Bingo, a scratch-off ticket from the Texas Lottery®. Like so many who live in Austin, Kincaid suffers from allergies and cedar fever that's so prevalent at this time of year. She came home from work at the Texas Railroad Commission on Friday and went to bed to nurse her headache and her sinuses, but woke

up in time to get to the store to buy a Mega MillionsTM ticket. "I bought the Tripler Bingo ticket and a Mega Millions ticket and took them home," Kincaid said. "I froze when I saw that I'd won, I was so happy to win what I thought was $1,000. Then I saw that it was $30,000. It's just unbelievable." "What a great way to start 2005, by saying 'thanks' to your family and friends," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "She isn't our first winner to think they've won a prize smaller than what the The winner said the weekend was tough on her knowing she had a $30,000 ticket in her purse. "I couldn't sleep, I couldn't eat, I was so nervous all weekend with that ticket in the house," she said. "I kept it in my purse, which was right by my bed every night. I also kept looking in my purse to make sure the ticket was still there." Kincaid purchased her ticket at the Minimax Food Mart, 10412 FM 969, in Austin. Tonight's Texas Two Step® jackpot is worth $725,000. Tomorrow's Mega Millions drawing is worth an estimated $92 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery Commission supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

