Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - September 2, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

BINGO SERVICES CENTER AND BINGO HALL LOCATOR NOW AVAILABLE
(AUSTIN, September 2) - (AUSTIN)-- Texans who need to find out where they can go play charitable bingo or how their favorite non-profit organizations that conduct charitable bingo are doing now have that information available to them at www.txbingo.org. "This is a service that we are very excited about offering to our licensees and the general public," said Texas Lottery Commission Charitable Bingo Division Director Billy Atkins. "By going to the Charitable Bingo Operations Division Web site, players can locate the bingo hall nearest to them. The site also provides a link to the Statewide Financial Reports that allows anyone with a personal computer and Internet access to learn how their favorite charities are faring." The launch September 1 of the Bingo Hall Locator will allow the general public to locate playing locations throughout the state. The Bingo Hall Locator has dynamic search capabilities that will allow the user to search for bingo halls by using one or more combinations of the following parameters: the name of the county; city; zip code; the complete or partial name of the organization; the location name; or the day(s) of the week when games are conducted. Persons interested in learning about the activity of any non-profit organization that conducts charitable bingo will find reports on the following: bingo average attendance; conductor location/address; conductor quarterly reports; conductor return summary; delinquent purchasers; lessor quarterly report; registry of approved workers; manufacturer/distributor quarterly report; and the manufacturer/distributor supplemental report. "This addition to the bingo Web site was created to make it easier for everybody to find out what they want to know about their favorite hall or non-profit," Atkins said. "We believe that this will turn out to be a good thing for charitable bingo in Texas." There are 1,293 non-profit organizations conducting charitable bingo in Texas. For more information about charitable bingo in Texas, please visit the official Charitable Bingo Operations Division Web site at http://www.txbingo.org

