FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, Nov. 10, 2014 MEDIA CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131 mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

TEXAS LOTTERY® INTRODUCES NEWEST SCRATCH-OFF GAME BENEFITING TEXAS VETERANS

(AUSTIN) ­ This Veterans Day, Texas Lottery® players can show their support for Texas Veterans by purchasing the newest Veterans Cash scratch-off game. The $2 game benefits the Texas Veterans Commission's Fund for Veterans' Assistance.

Veterans Cash features five top prizes of $25,000 and more than $6.5 million in total prizes. The overall odds of winning are one in 4.14 for any prize including break-even prizes.

Since 2009, the Texas Lottery has contributed more than $39 million for important programs benefitting Texas Veterans and their families through the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. In a state with 1.7 million Veterans, these programs provide Texas Veterans with financial assistance, transportation services, PostTraumatic Stress Disorder counseling and housing assistance. The Texas Lottery first launched the Veterans' themed scratch-off game on Nov. 9, 2009, following the passage of a bill cosponsored by Senator Leticia Van de Putte of San Antonio and Representative Chris Turner of Arlington during the 81st Legislature.

Players interested in finding the game in their area can use the Scratch-Off Game and Store Locator on the Texas Lottery website.

About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $22 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $44 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $17 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit other state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance.

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

Texas Lottery Introduces Newest Scratch-off Game Benefiting Veterans/page 2 The Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball®, Mega Millions®, Lotto Texas®, All or NothingTM, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org.

About the Texas Veterans Commission

The mission of the Texas Veterans Commission is to advocate for and provide superior service to Veterans and their families in the areas of disability claims assistance, employment services, education benefits and grant funding. Over 200 skilled counselors in 75 cities provide one-on-one guidance to Veterans and their families to ensure they receive all of the benefits to which they are entitled. For more information about the Texas Veterans Commission Fund for Veterans' Assistance, please visit http://www.tvc.texas.gov/Fund-for-Veterans-Assistance.aspx.

###

