TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - November 1, 2001 Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144

Pittsburg Man Buys Coffee And Wins Big!
(Austin, November 1) - - Hollis Panell of Pittsburg (we have one in Texas too) went into Village Grocery to buy a cup a coffee. He noticed that the number for the Weekly Grand ticket in the dispenser ended in a zero. "I always like the ticket to end in a '0' or a '1'," said Panell. "I bought five of them because the one in the window ended in a zero." Panell returned to work and a few minutes later realized his system had paid off - BIG! He scratched the second section of the Weekly Grand ticket, saw the three GRAND symbols and told his boss, "I can't work the rest of the day." According to Panell, when his boss asked him why, he showed her the ticket and she said, "I don't blame you!" Panell explained that he only told his boss, Pam Hazelwood, and friend, Frank Parker, about the winning ticket. "Everybody thinks we're in Waco today looking at a building job," said Parker, who accompanied Panell to Texas Lottery headquarters in Austin to claim the Weekly Grand top prize. "I'll tell them all about it when we get back," Panell joked. The scratch off ticket, which started in 1995, pays a top-prize of $1,000 a week for 20 years. The total payout comes to $1,040,000. For selling a top-prize winning Weekly Grand ticket, Village Grocery owners are eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000. The store is located at 630 Quitman in Pittsburg. "I buy my tickets at two different places," said Panell. "After getting that Weekly Grand ticket on Saturday, I went to the other store the next day and bought a Break the Bank ticket. I won $200 on that one!" Panell told lottery officials he plans on looking for a house or possibly building one. He also said, "There will be a lot more fishing and hunting in his future." This makes the 51st Weekly Grand top-prize winner since the game started. It has been reissued a total of seven times. -30.... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org -30-

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=24512/14/2006 4:01:47 PM

