NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Wednesday, November 01, 2006

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

THE NUMBER `13' AND A DREAM FIGURE PROMINENTLY IN GRAHAM MAN'S WIN OF SET FOR LIFE TOP PRIZE
(AUSTIN) ­ Kenneth Donnell of Graham isn't afraid of the number "13." Nor is he a disbeliever in the possible prophetic nature of dreams. A dream his wife had and the number "13" both figured prominently in the events that led him to win the top prize, $5,000 per week for 20 years, in Set for Life from the Texas Lottery®. The Kenneth Donnell Trust, Kenneth Donnell, trustee, claimed the prize Monday. "My wife has purchased a total of 13 Set for Life tickets and has won some good prizes, but not like this," Donnell said. "In fact, it was some of the money she won playing this game that I used to buy the ticket that had this prize." Earlier in the day, Donnell's wife, Janna, had taken a nap and had a dream that would come true that evening. "I waited for my husband to come home from work, so I could tell him about the dream," she said. "On the way to get a salad at the Sonic that evening, we stopped at the store for some tickets, went to eat and then came back to the store to buy another ticket on the way home with the prize we'd just won." "The one I bought was the thirteenth ticket to come out of the roll," he said. "I noticed that number right away. The next thing I said to my wife was, `Oh, my gosh, it says, "Life,"' and after that, I was speechless." Once Donnell scratched the ticket, he and his wife sat in disbelief in the parking lot of what is now their favorite store, the Graham Minit Mart, located at 1000 Indiana Street.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"We went home and called our family," he said. "Then, both of us were too excited to sleep. It was like a kid's night before Christmas." The next day, they put the ticket in Donnell's sister's safe deposit box. "Some of our winners have told us in the past that the number "13" has proven to be their lucky number, and that has been the case in this instance with Mr. Donnell," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "There are no top prizes remaining in this game and approximately five second-tier prizes of $2,500 that remain to be claimed." Donnell says he plans to keep working as a truck driver for an oil-field business. His wife will continue to work at the antique store in Graham. "We're going to give my son my wife's 2004 Dodge pick-up, so that means I'll have to buy her a new car," he said. "Maybe we'll move into a bigger house, I don't know yet." The Donnells are not strangers to winning prizes from the Texas Lottery. In 1998, Janna won $100,836 playing Cash 5. Between last week and today, Janna also went to Las Vegas with her sisters and her mother, Janice, on a trip that had been planned since August. "My daughter won $1,200 playing the slots last week," said Janice Elliott. "Her sisters just had to sit there and watch her win. She's the lucky one." The store is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for having sold the winning ticket. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

...

