TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Thursday, November 3, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEXAS LOTTERY® HONORED WITH MULTIPLE NORTH AMERICAN LOTTERY INDUSTRY AWARDS
(Austin) ­ The Texas Lottery® was recently honored with three prestigious awards during the 2011 North American Association of State and Provincial Lotteries (NASPL) Conference. NASPL, the lottery industry trade organization, annually recognizes the most innovative products and advertising in the lottery industry. The 2011 winners were announced at the organization's annual conference, held October 24-28 in Indianapolis. The Texas Lottery was recognized for 2011's "Best New Instant Game," "Best Print Advertising ­ Outdoor," and "Best Special Point-of-Sale Material." The agency was also a finalist in a fourth category--"Best Special Events Promotion"--for its SXSW promotion. "These awards represent the culmination of our team's hard work and efforts to bring exciting and innovative products to market for our players' enjoyment and to support the sales efforts of our valued retailers, which ultimately benefit Texas education," said Texas Lottery Executive Director Gary Grief. The Best New Instant Game was awarded for the Texas Lottery® Black scratch-off game. This $10 game, which offered more than $44 million in prizes, was recognized for its innovative nature, creative advertising positioning and mass appeal. This extremely successful game, launched originally in January of this year, is currently in its third printing, with Texas Lottery® Black-Series IV-Limited Edition scheduled to launch next month. The Texas Lottery's award for Best Print Advertising ­ Outdoor was in recognition of the agency's billboard campaign in support of the Texas Lottery® Black instant game. The Texas Lottery's third award at the NASPL conference was the Delegate Award for Best Special Point-of-Sale Material for the agency's backlit retail holiday standee piece for its holiday suite of scratch-off games.

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

 

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)
 

The Texas Lottery has generated well over $19 billion for the state of Texas since the first ticket was sold in 1992. Prior to 1997, the proceeds were allocated to the General Revenue Fund. Since 1997, all Texas Lottery proceeds have been transferred to the Foundation School Fund to support public education in our state. The Texas Lottery has contributed more than $13 billion to the Foundation School Fund, and of that total, nearly $1 billion was contributed in fiscal year 2011. Other Texas Lottery funds such as unclaimed prizes revert back to the state for programs authorized by the Texas Legislature. Since fiscal year 2010, some Texas Lottery proceeds also benefit the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $12 million. Saturday's Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $20 million and the Lotto Texas® drawing also features an advertised jackpot of $20 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit www.txlottery.org. ###

