NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Thursday, November 02, 2006

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

DAYTON MAN COLLECTS TOP PRIZE IN $3 MILLION VEGAS ACTION FROM THE TEXAS LOTTERY®
(AUSTIN) ­ Tim Greene of Dayton yesterday collected the top prize of $3 million in $3,000,000 Vegas Action, a scratch game from the Texas Lottery®. Greene and the clerk at the SD Raceway 6766 store, 607 Highway 90 in Dayton, were challenging each other to buy scratch tickets. "My price limit is $10 on lottery tickets, but Tonya the clerk told me I could win with a $30 ticket, so I bought one $3 Million Vegas Action," Greene said. "I scratched the ticket all the way to the bottom, and, at first, I thought I'd broken even. Then I realized what I had. Tonya said I turned white." The clerk had the presence of mind to call Greene's wife, Jackie. She, in turn, heard only one part of what the clerk was saying, which was about Tim "hitting" it. For the wife of a driver of an 18-wheeler, the phrase "hit it" carries ominous overtones. When Jackie and her in-laws arrived at the store, they found Tim sitting on a pallet of deer corn, staring at the ticket in his hand. "It's kind of a blur after that," Greene said. "My brother-in-law showed up, too, and I don't remember talking to him at all, even though he says I did." Greene says that with this prize, he can send his three kids to college. "That's the most important thing, and I plan to help my nieces and nephews go to college, too," he said. "I'm also going to buy Jackie and my mom and dad a new truck. Then dad and I are going fishing in a new boat."
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"There's no better use of prize money than to help children further their education," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "The Lottery's mission is to generate revenue for the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. It's always heartening to hear from our winners that they will use their prize money to ensure that their children and other family members get a chance to go to college." Greene says he and Jackie were glad to turn the ticket over to the Lottery today. "After two days of knowing the ticket was sitting in my wife's purse, we've been awake making sure the purse didn't go anywhere," he said. "We couldn't put it in the bank because the bank wasn't going to be open at the time we needed to leave the house to get to the Lottery." This game still has one top prize, as well as 17 prizes of $20,000 and thousands more in lower-tier amounts that remain unclaimed. The store is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling this ticket. The winner requested minimum publicity. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

...

