TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, November 04, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

HAPPY SCRATCH-OFF PLAYER WINS VEGAS TRIP
(Austin) ­ When Ramona Reyes of Happy checked her mail Wednesday, she found a letter from the Texas Lottery® informing her that her name was selected in the fourth second-chance drawing for The Price Is Right®. "I thought I had won, maybe, $600," she said. "Then I came here to the claim center, and they told me it was a trip. I can't believe it!" The scratch-off game The Price Is Right® closed September 28, and the final second-chance drawing was held October 20. Reyes won a trip for two to Las Vegas in that drawing. Her prize includes round-trip airfare, ground transportation, hotel accommodations, a total of $5,000 and two tickets to The Prices Is Right® Live Stage Show. "I've never been to Vegas. I told my husband that's one place we need to visit," said Reyes. "Games that provide a second chance to win remain popular with our players," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "The Price Is Right® game has ended, but players can still enjoy other games featuring second-chance drawings, such as Dallas Cowboys and Houston Texans." The ticket Reyes entered in the drawing came from the Rip Griffin Truck Service Center located at 700 S. Interstate Highway 27 in Tulia. Reyes says she has played the Games of Texas since 1992, the year the Texas Lottery began selling tickets, and she enjoys all of the games. (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) "I like the Cash Five because it's every day, and I like Texas Two Step because you can match just the little Bonus Ball and win $5," she explained. "I like all of them, though." Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $12 million. Saturday's Powerball® and Lotto Texas® jackpots are each estimated to be $20 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit www.txlottery.org. ###

