from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

NEWS
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Wednesday, November 5, 2008

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

EL CAMPO MAN KEEPS MOTORCYCLE LICENSE ACTIVE FOR 15 YEARS WITHOUT DRIVING ONE; NOW READY TO RIDE HIS NEW TEXAS RANGERS LIMITED EDITION SILVER SERIES CHOPPER (AUSTIN) ­Alphonse F. Janda is ready to ride his new ride, a Texas Rangers Limited Edition Silver Series motorcycle that he just won playing a Texas Lottery® scratch ticket of the same name. He's a motorcycle enthusiast who has kept his motorcycle license current for the last 15 years. "I kept up my license even though I haven't been on a motorcycle in all that time," Janda said. "I'm not sure why I kept it going, but I thought that just in case one day I might want to ride another one again, I kept going back to take the training and the test. Now this happens." Janda said he bought the ticket on October 25 when he and his daughter were going to Victoria to take care of some errands. "I bought the ticket never thinking it was a possibility that I might win the motorcycle," he said. "I thought I might win a small cash prize, maybe $50, and use that to buy a few more tickets, to have some fun. I had scratched almost every area and thought that I wasn't going to win anything at all. Then I rubbed off the last possible area on the ticket and thought that it just couldn't be." He called a friend who owns a drive-in grocery store and asked him to check the ticket. Janda told him he didn't want to be `freaking out for nothing." "My friend ran the ticket and said, `looks like it's a winner,' and all I could think was `God, did you really do this to me?' and, yes, He did," Janda said.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

He took his ticket home and put it in a plastic container that he kept hidden in a spot he didn't reveal. "My family saw the ticket and everybody was really happy for me, and my daughter even said I was now the Texas Ranger of the family," Janda said. "We like to buy tickets for the fun of it or to give as gifts at certain times of the year, and we plan to keep doing that." The semi-retired Janda plans to give his prize a good look-over before he gets on it. He worked as a mechanic for Chrysler for 21 years, and has continued on his own in the same field. "I'm going to bring a trailer and take the motorcycle back home and get used to how it handles before I take it out," Janda said. "This is a big rig, it can really ride." Janda also served in the Texas National Guard for 30 years and was posted in several places including Fort Benning, Georgia, and Fort Hood. "I'd do that all over again in a heartbeat," he said. His one piece of advice for anyone who might see him cruising the back roads of Southeast Texas on his new chopper is this: "If you don't buy, you don't win." "The Games of Texas are meant to be fun, as Mr. Janda mentioned," said Texas Lottery Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "Whether a player buys a ticket for himself or as a gift, as Mr. Janda enjoys doing during the holidays, we always encourage our players to play responsibly." This is the second of the four motorcycle instant-win top prizes in the game. The game offers three additional motorcycles that can be won in secondchance drawings. One of those choppers has already been awarded.

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

Texas Ranger Limited Edition Silver Series also offers six cash top prizes of $50,000 each, two of which have already been claimed. Janda bought the ticket at OM1, 1402 North Mechanic, in El Campo. Tonight's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $4 million. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $42 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org.

...
Note to editors: A photo of Mr. Janda is available in jpg format by contacting Leticia Vásquez at 512-344-5208 or by sending an email to Leticia.vasquez@lottery.state.tx.us.

