TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, November 8, 2010 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

AMARILLO WOMAN WINS DALLAS COWBOYS DRAFT WEEKEND PRIZE PACKAGE IN SECOND-CHANCE DRAWING
(Austin) ­ Kathy Clark of Amarillo had just purchased a birdhouse at an estate sale when her husband called demanding that she hurry home because she had, he said, "more important business than shopping at a garage sale to take care of."

"I rushed outside so I could hear better, expecting him to tell me the house had just exploded, but instead he started reading to me from a letter from the lottery," she said. "My first reaction was, `yeah, right, you just don't want me to have fun at this estate sale,' but he kept on reading. I went home quickly, birdhouse in hand, and got to see the letter for myself. What a fantastic prize!" Clark sent in six non-winning Texas Lottery® Dallas Cowboys scratch-off tickets to a secondchance drawing. Her prize package will give her and her husband the chance to be in the War Room on Draft Day for an inside look at the Dallas Cowboys draft-player evaluations and strategies by Jerry Jones, team owner and general manager. In addition to airfare and hotel accommodations, she and her husband will receive transportation on the Dallas Cowboys luxury bus to the official Dallas Cowboys draft party.

"This is an exciting prize for anyone who is a fan of the Dallas Cowboys or simply professional football," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "We're grateful to the Dallas Cowboys organization for everything they've done to help us create such outstanding second-chance prize offerings." Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $25 million. The Lotto Texas® jackpot for Wednesday is an estimated $6 million, and the Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $20 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official website at www.txlottery.org. ###
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

