TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, November 10, 2010 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

SECOND-CHANCE DRAWING GIVES WINNER 2011 COWBOYS SEASON TICKETS SHE WANTED FOR HER HUSBAND
(Austin) ­ When Vanessa Costilla of Cedar Hill started playing the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game from the Texas Lottery® months ago, it was with one purpose in mind: to win a prize from a second-chance drawing that she could pass on to her husband, a long-time Dallas Cowboys fan. Her purpose was true, as Costilla this week collected a pair of 2011 season tickets.

"I don't usually play scratch-offs, but the prizes in the second-chance drawings are just what my husband would want," Costilla said. "I entered six non-winning tickets and hoped for the best, never really thinking that I would win, but hoping I could get something for him."

Weeks later, Costilla received a letter from the Texas Lottery, which her husband decided to open.

"He was sure the Texas Lottery letter said something he wanted to see and called to tell me he'd opened it," she said. "He was at our home with his brothers, and I could hear how happy and excited everybody was, just like me. I've never really won anything like this." Costilla says she prefers to buy one ticket each night of the Powerball® and Mega Millions® drawings. "I'm still going to buy Dallas Cowboys tickets and send in the ones that don't win because I might win another second-chance prize for my husband and me."

"Our second-chance drawings offer prizes that are truly special for fans of our Texas professional football teams," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "Three drawings remain: one this month, one in January of 2011 and the last on a date yet to be determined."

(more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued) Tonight's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $6 million, and the Powerball jackpot is an estimated $20 million. Friday's Mega Millions jackpot is an estimated $12 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official website at www.txlottery.org. ###

