TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Thursday, November 10, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEXAS LOTTERY® PLAYER FROM EL PASO ENTERS ONLINE "LUCK ZONE" AND COMES OUT A WINNER
(Austin) ­ Josie Pedroza of El Paso was entering a second-chance drawing on the Texas Lottery® Luck Zone when she decided to look at the winners list for the Houston Texans drawing held on October 13. There she saw her name listed next to a Season Ticket Package. "I was numb," said Pedroza. "I couldnt believe it." Her prize includes two sets of season tickets between the 30-yard lines for the next two complete seasons of Texans home games, a gift bag of Texans merchandise, $50 in Texans Bucks, two pregame sideline passes for a preseason game, and two invitations to a hospitality tent at a Texans training camp practice. "Our games featuring second chances to win are popular with our players, and the Houston Texans game is no exception," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "In addition to season tickets, this game features exciting opportunities to win ,,VIP Suite Weekend packages, ,,Owner for a Day trips and autographed jerseys." Seven instant-win top prizes of $100,000 each and 13 second-tier prizes of $5,000 remain unclaimed in the $5 Houston Texans scratch-off game. Overall odds of winning are one in 3.66, including break-even prizes.

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) Players who dont win instantly can enter the second-chance drawings online at www.txlottery.org/luckzone. A total of five second-chance drawings will be held for the Houston Texans game. The entry deadline for the next drawing is this Friday, November 11. Having already entered the next drawing, Pedroza now hopes to win a trip. Her advice to other Texas Lottery players reflects her positive attitude. "Dont give up. Your day will come." Fridays Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $22 million. Saturdays Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $35 million, and the Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $22 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit www.txlottery.org. ###

