TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, November 13, 2009 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

ANOTHER EL PASOAN WINS DALLAS COWBOYS SEASON TICKETS IN TEXAS LOTTERY® 2ND-CHANCE DRAWING
(AUSTIN) ­Arthur "Art" Almonte of El Paso can thank his wife and the "encouragement" she gave him to get his five non-winning Dallas Cowboys tickets in the mail and off to a secondchance drawing. As a result, he won a pair of Dallas Cowboys 2010 season tickets. "The non-winning tickets sat on the mantle at home for two weeks, and my wife kept telling me to fill them out and mail them in," he said. "My wife finally said, `Just mail them. Why not?' I did it and forgot about it. They got there just in time." Almonte said the call from a Texas Lottery® official was one of the biggest surprises of his life. "The Cowboys are my number-one team, so when the call came from the Lottery, I thought it was a joke," Almonte said. "I kept saying, `No way! No way!' to the man on the phone. When you've never won anything this big, it's just hard to believe that all of a sudden, you've got tickets to see the Cowboys for a whole season." Soon after, numerous co-workers and friends also knew of his prize, some of whom offered to accompany him next year. Almonte, however, said he has his priorities. "My wife gets first pick of what games she wants to see," he said. "But I've also gotten lots of offers from friends who want to go to Dallas with me for a game. Where the seats are located is really great. Who wouldn't want to win something like this?" "There's no question that winning season tickets to watch the Dallas Cowboys is a thrilling experience," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "Mr. Almonte's win of season tickets is the third for an El Paso resident in a Dallas Cowboys secondchance drawing." The top cash prize in the Dallas Cowboys game is $100,000. Eight of the 13 $100,000 prizes remain unclaimed. The next second-chance drawing for the Dallas Cowboys game is scheduled for November 17. Players who wish to enter the drawings can fill out the back of each nonwinning Dallas Cowboys ticket, affix a first-class stamp and place the ticket in the mail.
(more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) continued)

Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $12 million. Tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $10 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ... Note to Editors: A jpg-format photo is available by contacting Leticia Vásquez at leticia.vasquez@lottery.state.tx.us, or 512-344-5208.

