TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, November 16, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

HUMBLE SCRATCH-OFF PLAYER SCORES SECOND-CHANCE TEXANS TICKET PRIZE PACKAGE
(Austin) ­ Football fan Richard Zmuda of Humble knows what it's like to be "in the zone"--the Texas Lottery® Luck Zone, that is. When his Houston Texans scratch-off ticket didn't win a prize instantly, Zmuda went online at www.txlottery.org/luckzone to enter it in a second-chance drawing held October 13. His second effort paid off in a big way when his ticket was drawn for one of the eight VIP Houston Texans Season Tickets prize packages up for grabs. "I love football, so this is great," said Zmuda. "The Houston Texans play to win and so do I." Zmuda's prize includes two sets of season tickets between the 30-yard lines for the next two complete seasons of Texans home games, a gift bag of Texans merchandise, $50 in Texans Bucks, two pregame sideline passes for a preseason game, and two invitations to a hospitality tent at a Texans training camp practice. "Our second-chance drawings for certain scratch-off games have always been popular with our players," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "And now that the Texas Lottery Luck Zone is up and running on our website, it's easier to enter the drawings than ever." Seven instant-win top prizes of $100,000 each and 13 second-tier prizes of $5,000 remain unclaimed in the $5 Houston Texans scratch-off game. Overall odds of winning are one in 3.66, including break-even prizes. Zmuda purchased his ticket at Fuel Expo #3 located at 13214 W. Little York Rd. in Houston. (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) Players who don't win instantly can enter the second-chance drawings online at www.txlottery.org/luckzone. A total of five second-chance drawings will be held for the Houston Texans game. The next drawing is November 17. The entry deadline for that drawing has already passed, but the third second-chance drawing is scheduled for December 15, with an entry deadline of December 9. In addition to Houston Texans, players may also visit the Luck Zone to enter their non-winning Dallas Cowboys and ElvisTM tickets for upcoming second-chance drawings. Tonight's Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $46 million, and the Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $23 million. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $40 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit www.txlottery.org. ###

