TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Thursday, November 17, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

SECOND-CHANCE DRAWING WINNER FROM KEMAH CLAIMS HOUSTON TEXANS AWAY GAME TRIP
(Austin) ­ On Wednesday, Richard Zingraf made the short trip from his hometown of Kemah to the Texas Lottery® claim center in Houston to claim his prize from the October 13 second-chance drawing for the Houston Texans scratch-off game. His next trip may be a little longer after winning a "Private Plane Away Game Trip ­ Owner for a Day" prize package. "This is exciting; I've never won anything like this before," said Zingraf. "I hope I get to see a Texans victory." Zingraf's prize includes round-trip airfare for two the day of the game on a private plane from Houston to a 2012 Houston Texans away game, police escort between the stadium and airport, two suite tickets for the game, pregame sideline access and the opportunity to meet the Texans owner, and more. "A prize like Mr. Zingraf's would be the trip of a lifetime for any Houston Texans football fan," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "And those fans should know that there are three more second-chance drawings coming up with three more away game trips on the line." The $5 Houston Texans scratch-off game features instant prizes ranging from $5 to $100,000. Players who don't win instantly can enter their non-winning tickets in second-chance drawings online at www.txlottery.org/luckzone. A total of five second-chance drawings will be held for the (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) Houston Texans game. The third second-chance drawing is scheduled for December 15, with an entry deadline of December 9. In addition to Houston Texans, players may also visit the Texas Lottery Luck Zone to enter their non-winning Dallas Cowboys and ElvisTM tickets for upcoming second-chance drawings. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $40 million. Saturday's Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $60 million, and the Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $24 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit www.txlottery.org. ###

