NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Wednesday, November 19, 2008

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

HOUSTON RESIDENT RIDES GOOD LUCK WAVE TO $1 MILLION PRIZE FROM THE TEXAS LOTTERY®
(AUSTIN) ­ Ask David Mueller of Houston what it's like to ride a wave on a good-luck surfboard and he might tell you the following story. About 12 days ago while at a Louisiana casino with his wife Angie during a delayed 29th wedding anniversary vacation, he won $4,500. After a busy workweek of 16 hour days repairing Hurricane-Ike-battered power lines still not operating at 100 percent, he bought a Pick 3® Quick Pick that brought him $900. With that cash, Mueller splurged on two Texas Lottery® scratch-offs, a Set For Life ticket that carried a $500 prize, and one $1Million Double Action that had the grandest prize of all, $1 million. "Since Hurricane Ike, it's been non-stop work every single day trying to restore power as it's supposed to be," said the Centerpoint Energy lineman. "I missed our wedding anniversary as a result, so the second weekend in November was the first chance my wife and I had to celebrate our anniversary. It was great." The new winner said if it had not been for the Saturday Pick 3 prize he won, he wouldn't have purchased the ticket that made him a millionaire. "My wife and I both play, but we never buy the $10 or $20 tickets," he said. "Having that extra cash is what inspired me to buy these two tickets." Mueller, in front of his wife, declined to reveal all the places where he kept his $1 Million Double Action hidden prior to claiming his prize.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"We've got a gun safe in the house, but he wouldn't put it in there," she said. "So I'm not sure where it was." "That's a lot of prize-winning excitement for one week," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "You could have spread some of that winning over the course of a year and it wouldn't have diminished the excitement one bit. Mr. Mueller also demonstrated his inclination to play responsibly by waiting until he had some significant extra cash to purchase the higher price-point tickets." After all the excitement, the Muellers could only decide on two or three purchases, and all involve new vehicles. "I need to get a tractor that's got an air conditioner in it so I can work my dad's farm in the summer," Mueller said. "I'm getting a new car," Mrs. Mueller said. "And I think our son will probably get a new vehicle, too. As for the rest of the prize, we need to go home and figure out how best to save it and take care of it." When Lottery personnel handed her husband the check, Mrs. Mueller was overcome. With tears in her eyes, she said, "We're just everyday people; this isn't the kind of thing that happens to us. We're going to drive home and let it sink in." Mueller purchased the ticket at Northline Foodmart and Deli, 106 West Rittenhouse Street, Suite A, in Houston. The retailer is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for having sold this ticket. This is the third of the four top prizes offered in this game to be claimed. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $86 million. Tonight's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $8 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org.

...

Note to Editors: A jpg-format photo of Mr. Mueller is available by contacting Leticia Vásquez at 512-344-5208 or leticia.vasquez@lottery.state.tx.us.

