TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, November 22, 2010 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

SAN ANTONIAN WINS 2011 AND 2012 HOUSTON TEXANS SEASON TICKETS IN SECOND-CHANCE DRAWING
(Austin) ­ A letter with news of a prize from the Texas Lottery® was so thrilling to read for Roy Gonzales of San Antonio that he became emotional. The prize announced in the letter was a pair of season tickets to the 2011 and 2012 Houston Texans home games at Reliant Stadium.

"I ran upstairs to tell my wife about the tickets and my eyes got watery," Gonzales said. "This win came at just the right moment for us. It's such a morale booster and something I can share with my whole family and my friends."

Gonzales said he loves football and sent in the non-winning tickets from the Houston Texans and Dallas Cowboys scratch-off games in a second-chance drawing hoping he would win anything. His prize will seat him and a companion between the 30-yard lines, known as the gridiron section. He also wins a Texans merchandise bag with two each of Texans hats and t-shirts, as well as $50 in Texans Bucks to spend on concessions and/or merchandise. The prize also includes pre-game sideline passes during a pre-season game and two invitations to the hospitality tent during a Texans training camp practice.

"I've already had some of my friends try to stake out what game they want to see," Gonzales said. "The games against the Jets and the Colts have come up several times. Winning this prize gave me an unbelievable feeling. When I was in the San Antonio Claim Center collecting it, I was in there with another man who said he had won cash prizes several times. Being in there gives you that feeling of winning. It's hard to describe, but it's great."

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued) "Texas has always had great football teams and great football players, and getting to watch the game live is a happy occurrence for any fan of the game," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "Thanks to the Houston Texans organization, we're able to provide Mr. Gonzales with this wonderful prize that carries additional merchandise and events that his family and friends will also enjoy for two years. Three second-chance drawings remain." Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $34 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $10 million, and the Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $64 million. More information about the Texas Lottery is available on the official website at www.txlottery.org. ###

