Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - January 10, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Houston Woman Takes Possession Of Corvette® Convertible She Won From The Texas Lottery®

Winner Ruby Duffy of Houston takes possession of her new silver 2004 convertible Corvette.

(Austin, January 10) - Ruby Duffy of Houston today got herself a 'Vette, courtesy of Corvette® Cash, a scratch off ticket from the Texas Lottery®. Mrs. Duffy won the top prize in this scratch game, a Corvette convertible. "When I scratched that ticket and saw what I won, I lost my ability to speak," Duffy said. "I was at work and one of my co-workers had to call my husband to tell him I was hyperventilating. When they saw the ticket, my co-workers started screaming." The car she drove off the lot in Houston at Davis Chevrolet, 2277 S. Loop W., was a silver 2004 convertible worth an estimated $57,000. The cost of the ticket is $5. "This is what you call exciting," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "Everybody got in the act on this win: family, co-workers, everybody. It's no surprise, however, because winning a car like this Corvette convertible is bound to make a person hyperventilate and scream, or both. And Ms. Duffy is one in a million because

the odds of winning this prize are one in 1,260,000." Duffy said even though she saw what she saw on her ticket, she wasn't letting herself get overly excited. "I didn't believe I had won the car, so I wasn't letting myself get as excited as I am today," she said. "But I prayed, I chanted, I lit candles, I did it all since last weekend. Now I know that I, too, can win." Duffy is an employee of Fingers Furniture in Houston. "I've been telling my co-workers, if you don't play, you're never going to win," she said. "If you play, it [winning] will happen. I'm proof of that." As of January 1, the game was 96 percent sold. The game will close January 30, and players have until July 29, 2005, to redeem their tickets. Tonight's Texas Two Step® jackpot is worth $725,000. Tomorrow's Mega MillionsTM drawing is worth an estimated $92 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery Commission supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

