FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Thursday, Dec. 11, 2014 MEDIA CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131 mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

TEXAS LOTTERY SUSPENDS SALES OF MONOPOLY MILLIONAIRES' CLUB TM GAME
(AUSTIN) ­ The Texas Lottery announced today that it will suspend sales of the multi-state MONOPOLY MILLIONAIRES' CLUBTM game following the drawing on Friday, Dec.12. Texas is one of 23 states participating in the game that was launched on Oct. 19. Sales for the game have not met the lottery industry's projections and have continued to decline nationally since its introduction. After careful review, the Texas Lottery has decided to suspend sales of the game because of the prize liability risk created by the unexpected low sales of the game. "This is a difficult business decision that is based on numerous discussions regarding the health and viability of this game, both here in Texas and nationally," said Gary Grief, executive director of the Texas Lottery. "Unfortunately, players have not embraced the game as anticipated, and our options to change the game while it is being sold are limited in scope and challenging to implement. I believe it's critical for the Texas Lottery to take a step back, reduce our liability risk, participate in the ongoing national discussions regarding the game's future, and carefully monitor what the next steps are." MONOPOLY MILLIONAIRES' CLUBTM players in Texas will be able to claim prizes for 180 days following the draw date. About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $22 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $44 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $17 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit other state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. The Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball®, Mega Millions®, Lotto Texas®, All or NothingTM, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org. ###

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

