TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Tuesday, December 06, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

ENTRIES IN DALLAS COWBOYS SECOND-CHANCE DRAWINGS LEAD TO BACK-TO-BACK WINS
(Austin) ­ "Always enter the second-chance drawings." Thats the advice Kevin Luckie of Wickett has for his fellow Texas Lottery® scratch-off players, and he would know. After winning an autographed jersey in the Dallas Cowboys secondchance drawing held October 12, he entered the November 16 drawing and came away with a pair of season tickets. "Im pretty happy over it," said Luckie. "Its awesome. I plan to take my kids." Introduced in September, the Dallas Cowboys game has paid out eight instant prizes worth $100,000 each and 39 prizes of $5,000. Players who dont win instantly can enter their nonwinning tickets in the second-chance drawings online at www.txlottery.org/luckzone. The third drawing will be held on December 14, and entries are due by December 9. Luckie, who also plays the Houston Texans and ElvisTM games, says hell continue to play because he enjoys having a second chance to win. "So far, Ive won in the October and November drawings. Im hoping to get something in the December drawing, too." "Weve received a positive response to our games that feature second-chance drawings," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "Its easy to see why Dallas Cowboys fans and Texas Lottery players, like Mr. Luckie, would enjoy the chance to win gift cards, jerseys, season tickets and exciting trips like the ,,Draft Party and ,,Wild Weekend packages."

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) Tonights Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $87 million. Wednesdays Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $52 million, and the Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $29 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit www.txlottery.org. ###

