TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, December 07, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

HOUSTON TEXANS SCRATCH-OFF GAME AWARDS
SECOND-CHANCE PRIZES TO FOOTBALL FANS
(Austin) ­ Texas Lottery® players and football fans around the state entered tickets in the first two second-chance drawings offered by the Houston Texans scratch-off game. Recently, Darrin Goodner of Deer Park and Jesus Ramirez of San Antonio claimed prizes from those drawings and joined the ranks of Houston Texans second-chance winners. "It's awesome," said Goodner. "I'll go to a Texans game in style." Goodner's entry was selected in the October 13 drawing for the "VIP Suite Weekend" prize. He'll receive a private Texans Luxury Suite for 14 with a retired NFL-legend Texans Ambassador, a chance to be in the Texans Tunnel during the presentation of the starting lineups, pregame sideline passes, dinner for 14, and transportation and hotel accommodations.

Ramirez was selected as one of eight winners of season tickets packages in the November 17 drawing. He will receive two sets of season tickets for the next two complete seasons of Texans home games in the Gridiron, TX, section between the 30-yard lines, a Texans merchandise gift bag for two, pregame sideline passes and two invitations to a hospitality tent at a Texans Training Camp practice with a scheduled visit from Texans General Manager Rick Smith. "It made me feel good. I never thought I would win," said Ramirez.

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) The Houston Texans game launched in September and has paid out seven instant-win prizes worth $100,000 each and 11 prizes of $5,000. The game features more than $17 million in total prizes with overall odds of winning of one in 3.66, including break-even prizes. Players can enter their non-winning Houston Texans tickets in the second-chance drawing by visiting www.txlottery.org/luckzone. The deadline to enter the third drawing is December 9. "We are proud to offer this game in conjunction with a top-notch team like the Houston Texans, and we want to congratulate Mr. Ramirez and Mr. Goodner on their wins," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "Of course, with more than $13 billion in revenue transferred to the Foundation School Fund since 1997, the big winner remains Texas education." Tonight's Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $52 million, and the Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $29 million. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $100 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit www.txlottery.org. ###

