NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Thursday, December 07, 2006

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

SEABROOK RESIDENT WINS $1 MILLION IN MEGA MILLIONS®AFTER MEGAPLYING FOR FIRST TIME
(AUSTIN) ­ It was a long night at Travis Southard's house last Friday, with his girlfriend's sisters and friends calling until nearly 4 a.m. to make sure he knew he really had won $1 million playing Mega Millions®. "This was the first time I had ever megaplied my ticket," Southard said. "I figured that even if I matched only two numbers, the odds of getting a better prize went up significantly." After finding the numbers that were drawn on the Texas Lottery Web site, the first person he told was his girlfriend, Veronica, who was too busy watching Jeff Gordon on the NASCAR awards show to listen to what he was saying. "She listened just long enough to call her mother, who then called one of Veronica's sisters with the news, and she called the other four sisters," he said. Southard also called his best friends. Southard stayed on the phone all night because his friends thought that maybe his prize might be more than he originally thought it was. "I'd forgotten that I'd purchased the Megaplier," he said. "Finally, sometime after 3 a.m., I was convinced that the one ticket sold in Seabrook at the Citgo where I'd gotten gas a few days before really had won $1 million." Southard had the weekend to recover from his all-night phone fest. It hit him and his girlfriend while they were attending a birthday party with her family that, as he said, "It was really real."

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"Mr. Southard has discovered why we offer the Megaplier to our Mega Millions players," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "The Megaplier makes any non-jackpot-winning prize even better." Southard is employed by a contractor that does work for the National Aeronautic Space Agency (NASA). One weekend per month, however, he travels to Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio because he is in the U.S. Air Force Reserves. His specialty is communications systems maintenance. He stashed the ticket at the bottom of his tool box in the closet. The tool box is located underneath his combat boots. The Seabrook Citgo, located at 1802 2nd Street in Seabrook sold the Quick Pick ticket that matched five of the six numbers drawn in last Friday's Mega Millions game. Those numbers were 16-22-23-37-53-35. The Megaplier® was four. The Mega Millions jackpot for Friday's drawing is an estimated $15 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery®, please visit the official Texas Lottery Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

...

