NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Friday, December 08, 2006

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

PLANO MAN KEEPS TEXAS LOTTERY® DEAL OR NO DEAL $1 MILLION-WINNING TICKET ON HIM AT ALL TIMES, FINALLY CASHES IT IN AT HEADQUARTERS
(AUSTIN) ­ James E Allen of Plano today claimed the top prize in Deal Or No Deal, a Texas Lottery® scratch game, relieved at being able to turn it in after keeping it in his pocket for more than one week. "I've had this ticket on my person since the moment I scratched it," Allen said. "Even my wife wouldn't hold on to the ticket, so I've had it on me through all the traveling I've had to do lately for my job." The experience of carrying that ticket around brought forth in Allen what he described as a "wild ride" of emotions. He's also quit trying to analyze it too much. "This has been breath-taking and unbelievable," he said. "At first, I felt like I was on a roller coaster. Now I just feel like I fell `up' the stairs, that what I didn't think was possible really can happen." Allen says he plans to donate some of his prize "quietly" to his favorite charities. After that, he will take his wife on a holiday to Aruba. "At any time of the year, but especially during the holiday season, it's great to help charities that assist the needy, and it's a great thing to do with a Texas Lottery prize, as Mr. Allen is planning," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "The experience of winning a major prize hits everyone differently, but, as Mr. Allen said, it is always breathtaking."
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

The top prize in this game is paid in increments of $50,000 per year for 20 years. Ramy's Mart, located at 406 E. Main Street in Allen, sold the ticket. The retailer is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for having sold this milliondollar-prize-winning ticket. The winner requested minimal publicity. Additionally, he does not put a period by the middle initial of his name. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $15 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $11 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

...

