TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, December 13, 2010 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

PLAYER WHO LIKES TO WORK FOR HIS FUN WINS $50,000 PLAYING BIG MONEY BINGO SCRATCH-OFF
(Austin) ­ John Todaro of Marshall likes the Texas Lottery® game that engages him and makes the left side of his brain work, a game like Big Money Bingo that gave him a top prize of $50,000. "Games like Big Money Bingo and Bonus Word Crossword are the ones I buy because at the end of it, even if I didn't win, I still had fun playing," Todaro said. "This one is a $5 ticket that took me a while to finish. It wasn't until I was at home with my wife and explained to her that I thought my numbers matched to make the `X' on the card. My wife was skeptical about what I thought, and said, `Sure whatever,' when I told her I thought I'd won more than $200." Mrs. Todaro has now changed her mind, however, and is ecstatic about the $50,000. Still, having a prizewinner of this magnitude in the house made for a sleepless night and one very nervous afternoon, Todaro said. "I locked the ticket in a fire-proof gun safe that's bolted to the floor, but I got up at 5 a.m. just to make sure it was still in there. We had to go out and leave the ticket alone in the house for a few hours, and the entire time we were gone, I had one dire scenario after another running through my head about what could happen to the ticket sitting there all alone in the house." Todaro said winning a prize right before Christmas is, "in a word, excellent." He and his wife plan to pay some bills and put the rest in a savings account. Todaro indicated that although he buys lottery tickets infrequently, the next one he buys will be another one that requires him to get really involved, just like Big Money Bingo. (more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission News Release, continued) "We've had players throughout the years, much like Mr. Todaro, tell us that our extended play games are their favorites precisely because they take longer to play," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "This game went on sale in July of this year. It has 15 top prizes of $50,000, and Mr. Todaro's is the fourth of those to be redeemed." The Pump N Pantry #9, 1800 Victory Drive in Marshall, sold the ticket. Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $104 million. The Lotto Texas® jackpot for Wednesday is an estimated $6 million, and the Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $20 million. More information about the Texas Lottery is on the official website, www.txlottery.org.
###

