TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Thursday, December 15, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEXAS LOTTERY® PLAYERS CLAIM EXCITING

DALLAS COWBOYS SECOND-CHANCE PRIZES
(Austin) ­ From points all across the state, Texas Lottery® players and Dallas Cowboys fans are travelling to their local Texas Lottery claim centers to officially claim their secondchance prizes in the Dallas Cowboys game. "I am a regular player of scratch-offs, and Ive been playing since the lottery was formed in the early ,,90s," said Kenneth Sitzes of Granbury. "I was excited to see my name listed for Dallas Cowboys season tickets." "I feel happy, excited," said Midland resident Jim Robles, who also won season tickets. "Im a Dallas Cowboys fan." With more than $29 million in total prizes, the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game features overall odds of winning any prize of one in 3.67, including break-even prizes. Of the 26 top prizes of $100,000 offered in the game, 18 currently remain unclaimed. Players who dont win instantly can enter the second-chance drawings online at www.txlottery.org/luckzone. Each drawing features chances to win season tickets plus Cowboys merchandise and exciting "Draft Party" and "Wild Weekend" packages.

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) Douglas Havel of Cypress won a "Wild Weekend" package. He will have the chance to take 19 guests to a Cowboys home game including private tours of the practice facility at Valley Ranch and Cowboys Stadium, a pregame party, a suite during the game, and travel and hotel accommodations. "I couldnt believe it. I had only entered a total of seven tickets into the website," said Havel. "I plan to share it with the family and have a great weekend." "We are proud to partner with the Dallas Cowboys organization for the third year in a row to bring this fun and exciting game to our players," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. Havel says there is only one secret to winning a prize like his. "You have to believe and play. If you dont, you will never get a chance to win big." Fridays Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $135 million. Saturdays Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $91 million, and the Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $5 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit www.txlottery.org. ###

