TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, December 15, 2010 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

SAN ANTONIAN WILL USE $1 MILLION POWERBALL® PRIZE FOR CHARITABLE PURPOSES AND TO HELP FAMILY
(Austin) ­ There was never any question in Charles Jordan's mind he would help his family, friends in need and two San Antonio churches with "the blessing God gave us," a $1 million Powerball® prize. "My wife and I were sitting together at the computer looking at the results on the lottery's website when she jokingly said, `Oh, only $200,000,' which we then realized was really $1 million," Jordan said. "I knew right away that it was a blessing we could use to help our first grandchild, our children, our friends in the Philippines and two churches that need remodeling assistance." Jordan has served in the U.S. Navy. He and his wife have a daughter currently in the U. S. Army and stationed in San Antonio, as well as a son in the U.S. Air Force who is studying in a space and missiles program at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. "We've told my daughter about this, but my son won't find out until he's here next week on leave," Jordan said. "In addition to paying off a few bills, we're going to buy him a vehicle that he can use to travel in the Rockies. My wife has always enjoyed buying lottery tickets, and I've always been happy to support her interest, especially with the on-line games. She certainly has won me over, too. To be safe, we kept the ticket in our wedding album." Jedco Food Mart, 9703 Marbach Road, in San Antonio sold the ticket. The ticket was not a Quick Pick. The Match 5 prize wins a $1 million prize with Power Play®. The numbers drawn were 510-11-12-20, and the Powerball number was 2. (more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission News Release, continued) "We added Powerball to our mix of games this year, with sales beginning on January 31," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "Powerball has certainly become popular with fans of the on-line games, as Mr. Jordan indicated about his wife's playing preferences. I also want to express our gratitude to Mr. Jordan and his son and daughter for their service to our country." When asked how he planned to celebrate his win, Jordan had a quick reply, "We're Catholics. We celebrate life every day." The Lotto Texas® jackpot for tonight is an estimated $6 million, and the Powerball jackpot is an estimated $20 million. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $123 million. More information about the Texas Lottery® is on the official website, www.txlottery.org.
###

