 

TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, December 17, 2010 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

 
"SUITE WEEKEND" COMING NEXT YEAR FOR ROSENBERG WINNER OF HOUSTON TEXANS VIP PRIZE IN SECOND-CHANCE DRAWING (Austin) ­ Jeffrey Sulak of Rosenberg said he's "walking on water" after winning a prize of a VIP Suite Weekend with the Houston Texans in a Texas Lottery® second-chance drawing for non-winning Houston Texans scratch-off tickets. "I told my wife on the phone that I had something to tell her and that it had to be in person," he said. "When I told her about the call from the lottery and the Texans prize, we started dancing in the kitchen. I've been to one Texans game in my life and she's never been. To think that we now get to take our family and friends for this incredible weekend next year is fantastic. I felt like Santa Claus when I was inviting them." The VIP Suite Weekend prize gives the winner and 13 guests the chance to watch a Texans home game in a private Texans Luxury Suite with food and non-alcoholic beverages. The prize includes round-trip airfare for 14 winners outside the Houston area, or ground transportation for 14 within the Houston area. Additionally, the winner and 13 guests receive accommodations for one night in a Houston hotel rated at three stars or more, as well as dinner in a high-end Houston restaurant. The winner will view the presentation of the team's starting lineup from the Texans Tunnel, and a Texans Ambassador, a retired NFL legend, will accompany the winner as he and the guests watch the game. "We offer many fabulous prizes in our second-chance drawings, and this is certainly one of them," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "Mr. Sulak's prize gives him and his guests a once-in-a-lifetime experience of watching the Houston Texans play football."
(more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

 

(Texas Lottery Commission News Release, continued)
 

The manager of the meat department at a Kroger store in Rosenberg said he hasn't yet revealed all the details to everyone who is going. "My wife and I have talked about all the events of the weekend prize over and over, but we haven't told everybody everything," Sulak said. "Neither one of us has ever been in a limo. Really, this is so cool, my wife and I can barely wait. It is going to be so much fun that I don't even care who the Texans play that weekend. I'll probably never win anything like this again." Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $123 million. Tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $7 million, and the Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $25 million. More information about the Texas Lottery is on the official website, www.txlottery.org.
###

 

