TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, December 18, 2009 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

FLORESVILLE MAN WINS DALLAS COWBOYS 2010 SEASON TICKETS IN TEXAS LOTTERY® 2ND-CHANCE DRAWING
(Austin) ­ Jeffery Keller of Floresville was in a big hurry to complete the paperwork to make it official that he was going to the home games of the Dallas Cowboys in 2010, the prize he won in a Texas Lottery® second-chance drawing. He had some pressing Santa business to finish back home.

"I've got something to do that's really important," Keller said. "Today's the day we don't want to disappoint the kids who are waiting for us."

Keller and his fellow members of the Loyal Order of the Moose Lodge, 826 Highland Boulevard, are helping out the Wilson County Sheriff's Department and their Blue Santa toy give-away.

"I've been telling everybody that I won this prize, so I have lots of new best friends," he said. "At first, nobody believed me, just like I didn't believe the man from the Lottery when he called about this prize; I was sure somebody was pulling my leg. Everybody believes me now, though. I told my wife that she gets first choice, but I'll be going to see the Cowboys with some of my friends, too. This is the biggest and the best prize I've ever won. The Texas Lottery really came through on this one."

(more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"Mr. Keller clearly has his priorities in order during this holiday," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "There's no question that two Dallas Cowboys season tickets are an exciting prize, and we're happy to put some extra joy in Mr. Keller's holiday, just like he is doing with his lodge brothers for needy children in the Floresville area."

Five of the 13 top cash prizes of $100,000 offered in the Dallas Cowboys game remain unclaimed. The last regularly-scheduled second-chance drawing occurred on December 15. Once the game closes, another second-chance drawing will be scheduled. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $140 million. Tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $21 million.

For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ###

