TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Thursday, December 29, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

WEATHERFORD ELVISTM PLAYER CLAIMS HAWAII VACATION TRIP FROM SECOND-CHANCE DRAWING
(Austin) ­ On Tuesday, Anthony Sweatman of Weatherford visited the Texas Lottery® claim center in Fort Worth to claim his prize from the December 16 second-chance drawing for the ElvisTM scratch-off game. Sweatman won a Hawaii Vacation Trip, the top prize available in the first of five second-chance drawings for the game. Sweatman said he's a regular Texas Lottery player and offered a bit of advice for others, "You can't win if you don't play!" Sweatman will be able to choose one of two Hawaii Vacation Trip prize options--a seven-day Norwegian Cruise Line cruise for two or a six-night Waikiki vacation for two at a Waikiki hotel. Both options include two officially licensed Elvis® merchandise prize packs, $1,000 in spending money, round-trip airfare from a Texas international airport to Honolulu, and more. "A vacation in Hawaii sounds like a good prize anytime, but especially as we head into the dead of winter," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "And here's something else that will sound good to Elvis fans--there are four more second-chance drawings coming up with four more Hawaii trips and more than a thousand merchandise prize packs available." The $2 Elvis scratch-off game features instant prizes ranging from $2 to $20,000. Players who don't win instantly can enter their non-winning tickets in second-chance drawings online at (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) www.txlottery.org/luckzone. In addition to the Hawaii Vacation Trips (one per drawing), other prizes include officially licensed Elvis® merchandise prize packs which include framed "Viva Las Vegas" collectibles, duffel bags, neon clocks, framed mirrors and music CDs. The next secondchance drawing for the Elvis game is scheduled for January 12, with an entry deadline of January 6. In addition to Elvis, players may also visit the Texas Lottery Luck Zone to enter their non-winning Dallas Cowboys and Houston Texans tickets for upcoming second-chance drawings. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $12 million. Saturday's Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $25 million, and the Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $9 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit www.txlottery.org. ###

