TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, December 30, 2009 CONTACT: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

BOYD RESIDENT FACEBOOKS WINNING 2010 DALLAS COWBOYS SEASON TICKETS; NOW HAS MANY NEW FRIENDS
(Austin) ­ Randall Clark of Boyd put the news that he won season tickets to see the Dallas Cowboys play at home in 2010 on his Facebook page and now has many, many new friends.

"Now everybody wants to go with me," Clark said. "This is a fantastic prize, but the only thing is that I'm going to have to decide who to take with me next year. At least I have a few months to decide."

Clark is a medical technician at a hospital in Decatur. He says he feels "blessed" to win this pair of season tickets. He also has a special message for Jerry Jones, team owner.

"I'd like him to know that I'm thankful to him for giving us a chance to win this prize," Clark said. "I'm a huge fan of the Cowboys, so thanks for partnering with the Texas Lottery and for this great prize."

Clark said he thought he had a fair chance of winning a prize in the second-chance drawing that brought him the season tickets.

"I sent in my tickets knowing that if I didn't, I wouldn't win anything," he said. "I won a pretty cool prize, thanks to the second-chance drawing. I'm looking forward to sitting between the `30s' and seeing the `Boys play next year."
(more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

 

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)
 

"The prizes offered through the second-chance drawings came about thanks to the Dallas Cowboys organization, and we're grateful to them for all the effort they put in to make the game and the second-chance drawings such a resounding success," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "As evidenced by Mr. Clark, the prizes have been a major hit with our players."

Five of the 13 top cash prizes of $100,000 offered in the Dallas Cowboys game remain unclaimed. The last regularly-scheduled second-chance drawing occurred on December 15. Once the game closes, a final second-chance drawing will be held. Tonight's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $26 million. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $27 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery®, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ###

Note to Editors: A photo in jpg format is available. Please contact Leticia Vásquez @512-3445208 or leticia.vasquez@lottery.state.tx.us.

 

