Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - March 11, 2005
Contact: Robert Elrod, 512-344-5436 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Husband, Coworkers And Texas Lottery® Agree ­ Austin Woman's Wheel Of Fortune® Ticket A Winner

Christine Garza of Austin won the top prize, $25,000, in the Wheel of Fortune scratch-off game.

(Austin, March 11) - Christine Garza of Austin bought a Texas Lottery® scratch-off ticket the other day while on her lunch hour. After she scratched it, she wasn't sure what she had, so she checked with her husband, Bruce, who works in the same office. Then she checked with some of her other coworkers and got the same answer every time, but she still wasn't convinced until the Texas Lottery's Austin Claim Center confirmed what everyone had been saying ­ her Wheel of Fortune® ticket had won the game's top prize ­ $25,000! "I've never been very lucky with these kind of things before, so I really couldn't believe

it," said Garza. "Once everybody finally convinced me I'd won, I was so nervous I could barely breathe." Garza said she plans to use some of her winnings to purchase some new high-end kitchen appliances. She also said she wasn't very familiar with the newest scratch-off games, so she asked the advice of the store clerk about what ticket she ought to buy. "He told me Wheel of Fortune was one of the newer and more popular games; I sure am glad I took his advice," said Garza. "$25,000 ought to go a long way toward upgrading Ms. Garza's kitchen," said Reagan E. Greer, executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "Wheel of Fortune has been cooking up hot sales since it debuted a few weeks ago, but I want to remind all of players to play responsibly. Remember, it's just a game!" Garza purchased her ticket at the Speedi Stop located at 1621 E. Cesar Chavez St. in Austin. In addition to the top prizes of $25,000, the $2 Wheel of Fortune game offers cash prizes in amounts ranging from $2 to $2,500. The Texas Lottery will also conduct four Second Chance Drawings to award a total of four Wheel of Fortune audition trips (one per drawing) and 1,820 Wheel of Fortune merchandise prize packages (455 per drawing). Each trip includes airfare, one hotel room, transfers, hosting, two Wheel of Fortune merchandise prize packages, $1,000 in spending money and an audition for a chance to become a contestant on the Wheel of Fortune television game show. In the event an audition participant is selected to be a contestant on the Wheel of Fortune television game show, a three-day, two-night trip for two, including airfare, hotel and transfers will be provided. To enter a Second Chance Drawing, players must complete the player information on the back of two non-winning Texas Lottery Wheel of Fortune scratch-off tickets with their name, address, signature and telephone number and submit the entry by mail to Wheel of Fortune Second Chance Drawing, PO Box 650218, Dallas, TX 75265-0218. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ... The Texas Lottery supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School

Fund.

