Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - January 5, 2005
Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144

Lottery Winner Makes New Year's Resolution To Never Procrastinate Again

New Year starts with new resolve, and a little extra retirement money for New Mexico resident, Elsa Abila.

(Austin, January 5) - For Hobbs, New Mexico, resident Elsa Abila, the New Year is starting with a new resolution - she says she'll quit putting off checking her Texas Lottery® Mega MillionsTM tickets. She's had a ticket sitting on her kitchen counter since October, and found out two days ago it was worth $175,000. "I didn't realize I had won, or how much. I had my son take it to a store to see if I had won anything," said Abila. "I'll never wait to check again. Now I go to the lottery's Web site and check my numbers." Abila's ticket, for the October 1, 2004, drawing, was one of five tickets sold in Texas to match the first five numbers, but not the Mega Ball. The jackpot-winning ticket, worth $101 million, was sold in Carrollton, and became the first Mega Millions jackpot-winning

ticket sold in Texas. Ut Van Nguyen of Carrollton claimed the prize and collected more than $62 million, the Cash Option value of the jackpot amount. The numbers drawn were: 08 - 10 - 17 - 24 - 39 and the Mega Ball number was 52. "It's a good thing to start the New Year with a new resolution," said Reagan E. Greer, executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "Ms. Abila's resolve couldn't be anymore timely, since about 90 days had passed since the drawing. Players have 180 days from the date of a drawing to claim a prize, and I would have hated seeing that prize passed up." Abila purchased her winning Mega Millions ticket at 7-Eleven, located at 3700 Andrews Highway in Odessa. "I plan to give some of the money to my church and kids," said Abila. "And put a little away for retirement." She also told lottery officials she plans on stopping at the store again to buy her tickets for Friday's Mega jackpot, which is worth an estimated $80 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ...

