Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - January 4, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Austin Trust Wins $2 Million With Holiday Millions Wishes From The Texas Lottery®

Nora and David Guzman pose with Executive Director Reagan E. Greer of the Texas Lottery Commission.

(Austin, January 4) - Austinite David Guzman, a frequent visitor to Las Vegas, told a slot host at the Treasure Island casino how the cow ate the cabbage, so to speak. "I've won more money with $30 in Texas than I have the last 10 years playing in Vegas," Guzman, trustee of The David and Nora Guzman Trust, said. The trust won the top prize playing Holiday Millions Wishes, the first $30 ticket from the Texas Lottery®. "Our scratch-off ticket sales are hotter than ever, and that's due to our hotter-than-ever prizes, like the one Mr. Guzman won of $2 million," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "Prizes like this one keep our games all the more fun and exciting for our players, as our winner can tell you. This $30 ticket has been a huge

hit with our players, too, as it continues for the 10th week to be our top seller." The ticket caught Guzman's eye precisely because it cost $30. "I'm not afraid to play, especially these big tickets, because that's where the big prizes are," he said. "This last year, I also won $1,000 on Run The Table, and that was a $25 ticket I bought at a Racetrac on South Lamar." The day he won this current prize he was on his way home for lunch at 8 a.m., the halfway point in his day, which starts at 4 a.m. Guzman and his crew maintain Capital Metro bus-stop facilities and ensure they are in order. "I'd stopped at the Albertson's on Riverside and Pleasant Valley to buy a ticket," he said. "I usually get it from the machine, but not this time. I got it from a clerk, and although I scratch my tickets at home, this time I did it in front of the clerk. She said, 'You're always winning.'" The clerk called the general manager and then ran the ticket through the terminal. "The general manager started saying, 'Hey, this is big,' and he kept saying it really loud. I finally got my ticket and left to go have breakfast." Things got exciting when he got home and told his wife, Nora, and sister-in-law, Mary Requejo. "They didn't believe me, at first," he said. "Then they saw the ticket and they knew I wasn't kidding." The 38-year employee of Capital Metro and his wife said they're planning to return to Las Vegas, they're just not sure when. "Tonight, we're going to baby-sit," he said. "Once the money is in the bank, then I can figure out a few things, like when I might retire. But I'm in good health, I feel good, so maybe that won't happen for a while. I'll think about our next trip to Vegas, too. Also, my wife makes sure that every time we win, we donate 10 percent to our church." For selling the ticket, the Albertson's #4022, located at 1819 South Pleasant Valley, is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000. Tonight's Mega MillionsTM is worth an estimated $67 million. Tomorrow's Lotto TexasTM jackpot is worth an estimated $42 million.

For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery Commission supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

