Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - March 11, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Claimant Finally Gets $41,887 Lotto Texas® Prize After More Than A Month Since Drawing

Billy McDonald of Corinth, winner of a $41,887 Lotto Texas prize.

(Austin, March 11) - Billy McDonald of Corinth had been walking around with more than $41,000 in his wallet and didn't know it, all because he forgot to check his Lotto Texas® tickets. "I just checked my numbers on Monday and told one of my co-workers to look at the ticket, just to make sure one more time because you just don't believe it," McDonald said. "Called my wife at home, she started jumping up and down." McDonald put the tickets in his wallet the night of the drawing, January 22, when he bought them at the Exxon #60381, 8100 E. I-35 and Swishwer in Corinth. He had stopped for sodas to take to the birthday party for his sister-in-law. "One of our mantras here at the agency is, 'Check your tickets,' because we don't want our players to forfeit their prizes if they try to claim them after the 180-day claim period is up," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "But what an

eye-popping surprise that must have been for Mr. McDonald, to discover that he's got a ticket with five of the six numbers from a Lotto Texas drawing six weeks ago. Players can check their numbers in local newspapers and also on our Web site, www.txlottery.org." "Like everybody else who wins, I'm going to pay off some bills and get some breathing room from having to make ends meet all the time," McDonald said. "I've got the house taxes to pay, things like that. Feels wonderful to know I can do that." McDonald is employed by McKinney Aerospace Corporate Air. "I'm delighted I won," he said. "But I can tell you how you won't win; that's by not buying a ticket. I'm going to buy my $5 worth of Lotto for this week straightaway, after I get to the bank." McDonald claimed his prize yesterday at the Texas Lottery® Claim Center in Dallas. Friday's Mega MillionsTM is worth $20 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas jackpot is worth an estimated $21 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery Commission supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

