Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - March 11, 2005
Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144

No More Confusion About $112 Million Mega MillionsTM Ticket

"I'm happy to hand over a ceremonial check representing more than $68 million, paid to MAL HOLDINGS, LP," said Reagan E. Greer, Executive Director of the Texas Lottery Commission.

(Austin, March 11) - News has a way of traveling fast in Rowlett, but not so accurately. When Dennis Cain spoke with a friend on the phone Wednesday afternoon, the friend told him that a winning Mega MillionsTM ticket for the Tuesday night drawing was sold at a Rowlett store on Dalrock Road. The drawing was worth $112 million. "I figured my ticket wasn't the one because I bought mine at Dalrock Grocery on Chiesa," Cain said. "I went to work and everyone was talking about it, but no one could decide where exactly the store was located." Cain got a Mega Millions drawing results' printout at another retail location and checked his ticket at home later in the evening - just to be sure. "I had to look at it six different ways," he said. "You always want to win, but you don't really ever think, 'it's going to be me.'" "Well, the ticket presented today at Texas Lottery headquarters was certainly the right one, bought at the right store. No confusion about the prize either," said Texas Lottery

Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "I'm happy to hand over a ceremonial check representing more than $68 million, paid to MAL HOLDINGS, LP." The Cash Value Option payment of $68,208,778 (before taxes) was paid to MAL HOLDINGS, LP of Rowlett. Dennis Cain is the President of the general partnership, MAL PROP, LLC. "My wife and I have been together since 1978. We're high school sweethearts. I think we're just going to take our time with all this, and enjoy it," Cain said. "Everyone who has called us so far has been very excited for us." The ticket was purchased at Dalrock Grocery at 5522 Chiesa Road in Rowlett. The retail owner is eligible to receive a bonus of $1 million for selling the jackpot winning ticket. "I think that's great (of the retailer bonus)," said Cain. "They are the nicest people." The winning numbers for the Tuesday, March 1, drawing were: 01 - 08 - 18 - 39 - 48 and the Mega Ball number was 1. The MegaplierTM number drawn for that evening was 4. Besides the jackpot ticket, there were two tickets that matched for the third prize tier (matching four balls and the Mega Ball) for a prize of $5,000. One of those tickets was purchased with the Megaplier feature and is worth $20,000. Tonight's Mega Millions jackpot is worth an estimated $20 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $21 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ...

