Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - March 9, 2005
Contact: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Texas Lottery® Reminds Players To "Play Responsibly"
(Austin, March 9) - The Texas Lottery Commission is joining nationwide efforts to recognize this week as National Problem Gambling Awareness Week. The goal of this campaign is to educate the general public and medical professionals about the warning signs of problem gambling and raise awareness about the help that is available both locally and nationally. "For all of us at the Texas Lottery, 'Play responsibly, it's just a game,' is more than just a slogan," said Reagan E. Greer, executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "It's a reminder, this week and throughout the year, to all of our players that the Games of Texas are intended strictly for fun. If you believe that you or someone you know may have a problem with gambling, we strongly urge you to seek assistance." The Texas Lottery Commission also oversees the licensing, accounting and audit operations of Charitable Bingo activities in Texas. "I'd like to echo Director Greer's comments for all of our state's Charitable Bingo players," said Billy Atkins, director of Charitable Bingo. "Bingo is a great social activity for players all over our state, but any time it goes beyond being a fun and entertaining game, we want them to know that help is available." National Problem Gambling Awareness Week is a collaborative effort of national and local organizations to increase public and professional awareness of problem gambling issues and availability of services to assist those affected by problem gambling. The Texas Lottery Commission Web site has links to a number of resources for problem gambling at http://www.txlottery.org/responsible.cfm. Among the resources are articles and publications from experts, and a questionnaire to help players assess whether they have a problem. The Texas Lottery also prints the "Play Responsibly" message on all of its scratch-off tickets, as well as, "Play Responsibly. Remember, it's just a game." on its online game tickets. "We certainly want make every effort to ensure that Texas Lottery players are getting the message about problem gambling," said Greer. "So in recognition of National Problem

Gambling Awareness Week, let me say it one more time: The Texas Lottery Commission wants everyone to enjoy our games. Please remember to play responsibly!" For more information about the Texas Lottery®, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

