Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - March 7, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Big Weekend For San Antonian Who Won With Wheel of Fortune, Pick 3® And Break The Bank

Rudolph Martinez of San Antonio, who won the $25,000 top prize in the Wheel of Fortune scratch off game Friday, $250 from Pick 3® on Saturday night and $200 on a Break The Bank scratch off on Sunday.

(Austin, March 7) - If there's such a thing as luck, Rudolph Martinez of San Antonio could have been crooning "Luck Be A Lady Tonight" Friday, Saturday and Sunday. He won the $25,000 top prize in the Wheel of Fortune scratch off game Friday, $250 from Pick 3® on Saturday night and $200 on a Break The Bank scratch off on Sunday. "What's so interesting about this is that when the TV show Wheel of Fortune was in town having auditions for the show some time ago, my name got picked out of a big barrel," Martinez said. "When the final audition was held, I wasn't chosen. But I've already sent in my other non-winning Wheel of Fortune lottery ticket for the second-chance drawing to get the chance for what could be another audition for me. And to top it all off, I won on Pick 3 and Break The Bank, too. I always tell people, you can't win if you don't play." "Winning like this will definitely put a song in your heart," said Texas Lottery Commission

Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "And then there's the unusual circumstance in his big weekend, too, where it concerns Wheel of Fortune. You almost want to ask, 'Are you kidding?' but there it is. The facts don't lie. Mr. Martinez certainly had a weekend worth singing about." Late Friday afternoon, when Mr. Martinez realized he had a ticket that he could redeem only at a Lottery Claim Center, he called, found out the closing time and promptly forgot what he was told. "I was so nervous that I just went home," he said. "I couldn't remember what they told me and then I could barely drive." Martinez put the ticket in a fire-proof envelope and then in a metal box, "just to be safe," he said. "But, even so, I would wake up in the middle of the night and go look at the ticket to make sure it was there." It was uncanny, too, that in his big win with Wheel of Fortune, Martinez also noticed that one number combination in particular on the ticket corresponded to the street address of his parents. "There was also another number combination that I used to play Pick 3," he said. "And those numbers, 8-8-8, brought me $250 for Saturday's night drawing of Pick 3. It's just unreal." Martinez said he recently purchased a home and plans to use some of his winnings to furnish it. The self-proclaimed jack-of-all-trades, a part-time hair-dresser, wedding and quinceañeara floral arranger and office worker, is also going to buy himself some R-andR. "I'm also going to take a much-needed vacation, after I go to a family wedding in California," he said. "I might stop off in Las Vegas on the way home. Last time I was there, I put $3 in a slot machine and won $1,500." Martinez purchased his three tickets at the Good Neighbor Grocery Store, 7239 Still Brook, in San Antonio. "I'm ecstatic, elated, all of the above," Martinez said. "You don't have to ask me to smile; I'm already happy." Tonight's Texas Two Step® is worth $250,000. Tomorrow night's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is worth an estimated $13 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an

estimated $19 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery®, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery Commission supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

