Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - August 31, 2005
Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144

Change Can Really Pay Off Every Once In A While; Just Ask Spring Weekly Grand Winner
(Austin, August 31) - Leslie Clark says she usually buys a couple of Weekly Grand tickets at a time and rounds out the $5 she spends with a one dollar ticket, as well. In July, though, Clark changed her usual pragmatic spending and decided to buy one extra Weekly Grand ticket. That decision led her all the way to Texas Lottery® headquarters today to lay claim to the $1,000-per-week-for-20-years top prize awarded for the popular instant game. "You just don't realize at first what you're seeing," said Clark. "I mean you do, but you don't. It's hard to explain or understand. It's becoming more real now, since I've been here." The Spring resident purchased her ticket at Sunrise Handi Stop, located at 12800 Northborough Drive in Houston. The retail owner is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000. "Our players have really shown how much they love Weekly Grand, as it is consistently one of our top 10 most popular games each week," said Robert Tirloni, products manager for the Texas Lottery Commission. "We introduced Weekly Grand to Texans in 1995, it's been re-issued 15 times and we've had 72 top-prize winners, since then." "I like the game because there's three different 'games' to play on it," said Clark. "I mean, I want to play a game that gives me as much 'pop' for my dollars as possible and has a big payoff. Now, I'm trying for that top prize in Monthly Bonus." For now, Clark says she hasn't made any significant plans for this win other than paying her sister back for a loan. "I want to see how much I'm getting before I make any big plans," she said. Weekly Grand (#448) has two top prizes left to claim. The payout for the top prize totals $1,040,000, before taxes. Other cash prizes include $2 to $300. Overall odds of winning any prize in Weekly Grand are 1 in 4.56, including break-even prizes. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery

Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ...

