Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - January 28, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208

Lexington Woman Happy To Learn Crossword Prize Is $35,000, Not $5,000, Like She Thought

Angela Haney of Lexington, who claimed her $35,000 Crossword prize on January 27.

(Austin, January 28) - After Angela Haney and her grandfather, Hugh Kilgore, counted the words on the one Crossword ticket she had purchased, both were convinced that she had won $5,000, only to learn at the Texas Lottery® Austin Claim Center that her prize was really a whopping $35,000. "We must have counted the words on the ticket 20 times," she said. "That's the kind of surprise everybody wants to get," Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer said. "And all it took to win that exciting prize was one ticket. It's what we always tell our players---that it only takes one ticket to win. You don't have to go overboard buying tickets. We urge all our players to play responsibly." Haney bought the ticket at the Lexington Food Mart, located at the northwest corner of 5th Street and Highway 77 in Lexington.

She says she isn't sure what she's going to do with the money yet. "I'm still trying to grasp that it was $35,000, and not $5,000," she said. "When they told me the prize was $35,000, my face got hot. Right now my mind is scattered, I'm too excited." Haney bought the ticket on Tuesday. The first person she told was her grandmother, who also kept counting and re-counting the words on the ticket. A player must scratch off at least three words to win a prize. Kilgore stashed the ticket for her in a secret drawer inside a piece of furniture. While at the Austin Claim Center, Kilgore had a smaller, but worthy winning experience, too. He won $50 with Holiday Gold, a scratch ticket he bought from an instant ticket vending machine in the lobby. Tonight's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is worth $18 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $4 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery Commission supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

