Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - March 31, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

With 1 Million Reasons To Forget Lunch, Big Money Bonus Spectacular Winner Collects

Winner Robert M. Young receives a ceremonial check for $1,000,000 from Executive Director Reagan E. Greer of the Texas Lottery Commission.

(Austin, March 31) - Robert Young of Fort Worth was driving while he scratched his one Big Money Bonus Spectacular ticket and quickly forgot the triple cheeseburger, fries and drink he'd just picked up. He also knew right away what he was going to do with his prize. "I kind of knew what I had, but I couldn't be sure, so I stopped in a store to have them run the ticket through the terminal, but they weren't sure either," Young said. "I told them at work I had an emergency so I could get to the Lottery Claim Center in Dallas, and the Claim Center people told me I had to come to Austin. The first thing I'm going to do is to set up my daughter's college fund. I'm also going to share some and invest some, and give to my church, too." "This money is already well-spent," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director

Reagan E. Greer. "Mr. Young has the right idea to start saving for his daughter's college education; there can be no better investment than that. It dovetails with our mission here at the lottery, to raise revenue for the Foundation School Fund in support of public education." Getting to the Dallas Claim Center was another story for Young. He started calling his family while still in the car and got them excited, too. "I called my sister, Anna, who didn't believe me when I told her I thought I'd won $1 million," he said. "Then she finally came around to it and started screaming, so I had to get off the phone." Young's cousin, Eric, who accompanied him to Austin, chimed in about Anna, too. "When she started calling everybody, she was still screaming." "It's hard to believe him, he's such a prankster," Ms. Young said. "But then when it hits you, you get really excited." Young was accompanied by his girlfriend, Laquita Gonzales; his daughter, A'janae; brother, Elliott; and cousin Eric Lyons. Like other winners before him, Young found a unique hiding place for his ticket." "I wrapped it in a pair of sweat pants and then hid those in the closet," he said. "I didn't think anybody would look in there." Young purchased his ticket at a 7-Eleven convenience store, 14200 Trinity, in Fort Worth. The store is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling a top-prize-winning ticket. This is the third and last of the top prize tickets to be won in Big Money Bonus Spectacular. As of Saturday, March 26, there are 26 prizes in the amount of $10,000, as well as other lower-tier prizes, remaining in this game. In mid-April, the Texas Lottery® will debut another scratch-off game with a million-dollar top prize: $1,000,000 Club. Tomorrow night's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is worth an estimated $75 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $33 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

... The Texas Lottery Commission supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

