NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Friday, December 28, 2007

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

CHRISTMAS BRINGS A $500,000 "WHITE ELEPHANT" TO HOUSTON RESIDENT
(AUSTIN) ­ Bonnie Buzek of Houston wound up with the best-ever "white elephant" gift, the top prize in the Texas Lottery® scratch-off, $500,000 Top Prize, after being the third and last person to hold on to the ticket during her family's Christmas Eve gift-exchange game. The top prize is $50,000 per year for 10 years. "My mother, who never buys Lottery tickets, picked the green and yellow tickets because the colors matched the container she planned to put them in," Buzek said. "I got five Lottery tickets of $1 each and a gift certificate to Prasek's Smokehouse. I also won a few dollars on one of the other tickets." Buzek scratched the ticket after all the presents had been opened and was dumbfounded at what she found. "I couldn't believe it," she said. "I showed it to my mother and other members of my family, and they couldn't believe what they were seeing, either." The 27 members of Buzek's family all participated in the gift exchange, each one receiving a number and then picking a prize from among those selected by each member. Currently obtaining a master's degree in nutrition, Buzek said she plans to use her prize to pay off her student loans.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"I'm also thinking of buying a home, but, first, I'm paying off my college loans," she said. She is currently employed at a Houston hospital. "Our new winner has chosen an excellent way to utilize her Lottery prize, by paying off her student loans and paying for her continuing education," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "This is particularly fitting, since the Lottery exists to provide funds to the Foundation School Fund, which benefits public education. Without a doubt, this won't be a Christmas Ms. Buzek will soon forget." Buzek's ticket was purchased at the Ritz Food Mart Inc. #4, 1809 West Loop in El Campo. This is the second of the five top prizes in this game to be claimed. The new winner requested minimal publicity. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $25 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $9 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

