NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Tuesday, September 25, 2007

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

WEST TEXAS GRANDMOTHER BECOMES A MILLIONAIRE WITH TEXAS TWO STEP®
(AUSTIN) ­ About once a month, Melva James of Odessa walks into her local convenience store and buys three Texas Two Step® tickets. Although she switches between choosing her own numbers and selecting the Quick Pick option, she always gets three tickets ­ one for her, one for her daughter and one for her son. Last Monday, her ritual paid off. "I bought a bag of ice and three Quick Picks," she explains. "Three of the numbers on the Quick Pick were ones I play all the time. When the drawing came on, I heard those numbers and thought, `This sounds familiar.'" Then she realized the truth. Her ticket matched all four numbers (18, 19, 22, 30) and the Bonus Ball (1). This was no ordinary win, either. The Texas Two Step jackpot came to a cool $1 million. She admits, "I actually fell on the floor. I was so excited." Despite the excitement, this grandmother of eight (and soon-to-be great-grandmother) decided not to notify her family that night. "I didn't call anyone," she says. "I didn't want to wake them up." The next day she had her son set up a conference call with her daughter. She wanted them both to hear the news at the same time. Of course, they wanted to verify the information. Her son picked up a

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

newspaper, saw the matching numbers, and called his mother back with some advice. "Don't call everybody," he warned. "I'm not calling anybody but you and your sister," she replied. Asked about her plans for the money, Ms. James answers carefully, "I have some things I want to do." As the newest millionaire from the Texas Lottery®, the first step was clear. She had to come to Austin to claim her prize. "I'd like to spend a few days in Austin," she says. "I want to tour the capital and turn it into a little vacation." "We welcome Ms. James to Austin," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "Her story reminds us why the Texas Two Step game is so popular. It is fun to play, but as always, we remind our players to do so responsibly." Melva James' Texas Two Step win will also benefit the 7-Eleven #137 located at 4601 E. Oakwood in Odessa. For selling the jackpot-winning ticket, the retailer is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $12 million. Tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $6 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

