NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Monday, August 20, 2007

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

HEMPSTEAD MAN PARLAYS $30 WIN TO GET $1 MILLION SCRATCH-OFF TOP-PRIZE
(AUSTIN) ­ Sometimes winning a little money can pay off in a big way. Earlier this week, Lynn York of Hempstead stopped for coffee on his way to work and bought a Texas Lottery® scratch-off ticket which turned out to be worth $30. Not one to give up easily, he decided to reinvest $20 on a $1 Million Cash Blast ticket. Sitting outside in the store parking lot, he scratched away at the game. Suddenly, he realized his second purchase seemed to be a winner as well, but this time the prize was a little larger, $1 million to be exact. "I went back inside and talked to the clerk," said Lynn. "They helped me get the phone numbers I needed to find out if it was for real." Lynn said the possibility of claiming a $1 million prize didn't really faze him. As a matter of fact, he didn't even call his wife right away. "I went on in to work. Then I told my wife about it when she got home," he said. "She was pretty excited. In fact, she was the one who had trouble sleeping; I slept great." Asked whether he has any ideas for using the money, Lynn replied, "Not yet. We've talked about a few things, but we haven't made any plans." He hasn't given up on winning more, but Lynn has a new strategy for playing the Games of Texas®.

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"I will probably play scratch-offs every now and then," he said, "but I may have used up my luck on those. I bought two Lotto Texas® quick picks for the last drawing." Unfortunately, he didn't win this time though it looks like he'll keep trying. "We congratulate Mr. York, and with summer drawing to a close, it is a good time to remind everyone that he's not the only one who will benefit from this game," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "The Texas Lottery has transferred more than $9.5 billion to the Foundation School since 1997, making Texas education the big winner." For selling the top-prize winning ticket, the Katy 66 located at 19550 Clay Rd. in Katy is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000. Tuesday's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $171 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $15 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

