NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Tuesday, November 20, 2007

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

NORTH TEXAS WOMAN PLANS TO MAKE THE MOST OF WEEKLY GRAND WINNINGS
(AUSTIN) ­ When she purchased the ticket, Justice Torres of Mesquite had no clue the Weekly Grand scratch off was about to change her life. In fact, she doesn't know exactly why she picked that ticket except that it fit her price range and looked interesting. "I had a little extra money so I grabbed it," she said. "I scratched it right there and then scanned it on the machine." The ticket showed the top-prize of $1,000 per week for 20 years. "I think the most I won before was $4, never more than $10," explained Ms. Torres. Certainly, winning an annuitized prize which will eventually total more than $1 million impressed Ms. Torres. However, she has not let the excitement go to her head. "I've made a lot of plans," she said. "I may go to school, get a car. It will help me get on my feet." Her desire to use the money to further her education seems appropriate to Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. As he noted, "Many players decide to put their winnings toward education, and we feel good about that. After all, our business is raising money for education, and we're pleased to have contributed more than $1 billion to the Foundation School Fund during each of the last four fiscal years."
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

For her part, Ms. Torres does not plan to stop at winning this top prize. She says she'll continue playing Texas Lottery® scratch-off tickets whenever she has a little extra money to spend. Without a doubt, the Storm Gas Station located at 1320 Gross Road in Mesquite hopes she will continue to bring her good luck to their location. By selling the winning scratch-off, the retailer became eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $41 million. Tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $23 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

