NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Thursday, September 27, 2007

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

WEEKLY GRAND WAS JUST THE TICKET FOR NEWEST SCRATCH-OFF WINNER
(AUSTIN) ­ Kimberly Woodson of Devine picked up a few scratch-off tickets on her way home Monday. After a call from her parents telling her their visit would be delayed, she decided to put off housework for a few minutes and enjoy playing her instant tickets. The first one didn't pay, but the second one... well, that was a different story. Woodson's Weekly Grand scratch-off ticket showed the top-prize, $1,000 per week for 20 years. "I didn't know who to call or what to do," said Woodson. "I tried to call my parents back, but they were traveling, and the reception wasn't good. I told them to pull over and call me. I had to tell someone or I was going to bust!" Her parents finally made the call, then another and another. "They called four times to check on me," said Woodson. Asked if she slept well, she replies, "I don't think my eyes have closed." Her plans for the money are simple. "I called my financial advisor," she explains. "I've been working with him this week on my retirement." After 30 years of service, Woodson is careful to note that she won't just run out on her employer. "I'll at least finish what I'm doing," she says. "My plan was to retire this year, before hitting 31 years of service. I've been working to reach my retirement goals."
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

One thing is certain, those goals will be easier to attain with her recent win, and she plans to make the most of it. "We've said it before, but it is important to remember. One of the best things a claimant can do is get financial and/or legal advice in order to be sure their winnings are put to good use," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "We congratulate Kimberly Woodson on both her win and her wisdom." For selling the winning ticket, the Diamond Shamrock at 727 McCullough in San Antonio is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $12 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $7 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery®, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

