NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Friday, August 31, 2007

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

WINNER FROM BORGER SAYS $20,000 IS JUST THE BEGINNING
(AUSTIN) ­ When Frank Bolden of Borger discovered that his local convenience store was out of his favorite scratch-off ticket, he didn't let it get him down. Instead, he selected three different games to try out. "I went home, sat on the porch, and started scratching the tickets," he said. "I have a little routine in the way I scratch them off." As he followed his routine, it became apparent that his Monthly Bonus scratch-off ticket hid a prize, a $20,000 prize. According to Bolden, "I thought it couldn't be real. I needed verification." He decided to visit his girlfriend at work to get a second opinion, but the unexpected visit confused her. "I need you to do me a favor; sit down for a minute," he said. She quickly replied, "Oh no, what did you do?" "I just need you to verify something for me," he explained. He showed her the scratch-off game; however, she was still unimpressed. "You came all the way up here to show me a lottery ticket?" she asked. Eventually, she noticed the prize. Then she changed her tune. "She got really excited," said Bolden.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"Often, we hear from winners who've had trouble convincing loved ones that their prize-winning tickets are genuine," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "However, real Texans win the games. We just remind everyone to enjoy playing the lottery, and do so responsibly." Frank Bolden, for one, is a believer. He says he will continue playing. Although his most recent Pick 3TM and Cash 5® plays didn't pan out, he remains confident his turn will come again. "You can't win if you don't play, right?" he said. "You may be hearing from me again." Frank Bolden purchased his second-prize winning ticket from Allsup's #41 located at 416 West Wilson in Borger. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $330 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $20 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery®, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org.

...

The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

NOTE TO EDITORS: A photograph of Frank Bolden in .jpg format is available by email upon request. Please contact Robyn Smith at (512) 344-5477 or e-mail at robyn.smith@lottery.state.tx.us to make your request.

