NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Monday, June 4, 2007

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION ISSUES E-MAIL SCAM ALERT
(AUSTIN) ­ The Texas Lottery Commission recently received a copy of an apparent e-mail scam letter forwarded by a concerned citizen. The author of the e-mail claims to have information for the recipient regarding a cash prize. In an effort to make the letter seem valid, actual lottery employee names are included. The writer even included some factual information about the lottery pulled from recent news articles. "We take all scams very seriously," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "However, this scam is particularly troubling because it uses commission employees' names to prey on the elderly. We are currently working to investigate the origins of this message and warn the public." Although the letter includes many of the hallmarks of typical e-mail scams including poor grammar, misspelled words and awkward sentence structure, agency officials are concerned that the factual information may confuse otherwise savvy readers. This letter specifically targets the elderly and includes several references to individuals "40yr old and above." However, people of all ages should remember that the Texas Lottery Commission never initiates contact with any prize winners, and all claimants of prizes worth more than $599 must visit a claim center to have their tickets validated.

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

"We will continue our efforts help keep the public informed about these types of scams as they come to our attention," said Sadberry. "However, con artists are continually refining their techniques, so we caution everyone to be wary and remember, if something sounds too good to be true, it almost certainly is." The Texas Lottery encourages anyone with information about this letter to contact our Customer Service department by phone at 1-800-37LOTTO (1-800375-6886), fax to 512-344-5080, or e-mail to customer.service@lottery.state.tx.us. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

