NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Monday, July 30, 2007

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

LUCKY WEST TEXAS MAN GETS EARLY WEDDING GIFT FROM SET FOR LIFE SCRATCH-OFF GAME
(AUSTIN) ­ Although he had discussed honeymoon plans with his fiancée, a trip wasn't on James Northington's mind when he walked into his local convenience store Thursday. He picked up a Texas Lottery® Set for Life ticket as he had many times before, but what he found printed there wasn't easy to believe. "I sat outside the convenience store and scratched the ticket," he says. "When I saw it was a winner, I walked back in and asked if it was for real. He told me he thought it was, but he couldn't pay it there." The San Angelo resident had hit the top prize - $5,000 each week for the next 20 years, up to a total of $5 million. A short trip to Austin would be necessary after all, and Mr. Northington didn't waste any time making it. When he called in to verify the ticket, he told lottery staff, "I'll be there bright and early." The money is a welcome windfall, but this oil-field veteran doesn't plan to change his lifestyle. "I'd already planned to buy a new car," he states. Mr. Northington agrees the money will come in handy with that purchase, as well as the fall wedding he and his fiancée are planning. Although he has traveled all over the country in the past, his honeymoon will be his first visit to Las Vegas. Still, he's not worried about the upcoming trip to the desert. "I'm used to the heat," says the West Texas native.

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"The timing of the win worked out well for this couple," commented Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "We wish them the best as they begin their journey together." The Town & Country located at 1000 N. Front in Fort Stockton is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling the winning ticket. Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $65 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $9 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ... The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

NOTE TO EDITORS: A photograph of James Northington in .jpg format is available by email upon request. Please contact Robyn Smith at (512) 344-5477 or e-mail at robyn.smith@lottery.state.tx.us to make your request.

