NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Wednesday, June 13, 2007

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

VICTORIA RESIDENT'S PATIENCE REWARDED WITH $50,000 TOP-PRIZE
(AUSTIN) ­ A little patience can really pay off, and for John Cuellar of Victoria, it did in the form of a $50,000 winning scratch-off. During a routine stop on the way to work, Cuellar got stuck in a slow check-out line. Although he thought about moving to a shorter line, he waited his turn and looked over the instant tickets display. Luckily for him, the Funky 5's game from the Texas Lottery® caught his eye. "I looked for a ticket I hadn't seen before," said Cuellar. A regular scratch-off player, Cuellar didn't get his hopes up. In fact, he made no effort to check the ticket until he was at work later that day. Even when he saw he was a winner, he had his doubts. "When I first saw the prize amount, I immediately called a co-worker over to verify it," Cuellar stated. "I still couldn't believe it, and I had everyone else around verify it also." True to form, the ever-patient Cuellar wants to invest the money so he and his wife can enjoy it once they retire. "By investing in the future, our winners are able to ensure that their prize money continues to benefit them and their families for years to come," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "Mr. Cuellar's story is a great reminder that it only takes one ticket to win, but it takes some careful thought and planning to make winning truly pay off."
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

John Cuellar purchased his winning ticket from the Speedy Stop #2 located at 100 Shepley St. in Bloomington, Texas. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $45 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $9 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

