cdom
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

NEWS
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

from the Texas Lottery Commission

CONTACT:

Thursday, December 11, 2008

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

MOTORCYCLE LOVER WINS TEXAS RANGER RIDE
(AUSTIN) ­ For some, the open road is the place to be, and William Swaggerty of Beaumont counts himself among those free spirits. As a selfdescribed "motorcycle enthusiast," The Texas Ranger Limited Edition Silver Series instant game from the Texas Lottery® appealed to Swaggerty. Although his ticket was not a winner, Mr. Swaggerty refused to give up. He sent his non-winning ticket in for the second-chance drawing held on November 18 and won. "It's exciting," he said. "I was very happy to hear it." Not one to brag, Swaggerty says that he hasn't spread the word, but he has kept playing. "I'm hoping for something bigger next time," he joked. Swaggerty's win is the second of three motorcycles to be awarded in second-chance drawings. The other went to Rosemary Hopper of Fort Worth. The game also features four instant-win opportunities. Doris Biskamp of Silsbee and Alphonse Janda of El Campo each won instantly, leaving a total of three motorcycle prizes unclaimed. "These motorcycles are unique, literally, since each one will be personalized to the winner's specification by LDT Customs." said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "Winners will
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

also get their name engraved on a plaque at the Texas Ranger Hall of Fame and Museum in Waco, a five-year family pass to the museum, and a certificate signed by an active duty or distinguished retired Captain of the Texas Rangers." To enter the second-chance drawing, players should fill out the information on the back of each non-winning ticket, affix a first-class stamp and mail in the ticket. Entries in envelopes will not be accepted. The Texas Ranger Limited Edition Silver Series features more than $19 million in prizes and odds of one in 3.70, including break-even prizes. Swaggerty purchased his ticket at the Exxpress Mart #15, 5710 Highway 105 in Beaumont. Tonight's Texas Two Step® advertised jackpot is $250,000. Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $207 million. For more information on the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ... The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

