NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Thursday, July 3, 2008

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

DREAM LEADS CENTER RESIDENTS TO CLAIM FIRST TOP PRIZE FROM NEW SUPER SET FOR LIFE GAME
(AUSTIN) ­ The growing town of Center, Texas, was short two people yesterday because Wiffe Enterprises, L.L.C., representatives Chhavy Sovann Khourn and Tasha Nicole Leon traveled more than two hundred miles to claim the first top prize in the new Texas Lottery® scratch-off, Super Set For Life. Their adventure began late one night in April when Khourn dreamed about the new game her store had recently received. "I dreamed I had the urge to scratch the Super Set For Life tickets," she explained. "In my dream, I couldn't stop scratching them." Khourn runs Johnny's Liquor, located at 513 Cora Street in Center, and she prides herself on maintaining a fun, easy-going atmosphere in the shop. Leon, a former employee, calls it "a one-stop shop." Customers can pay bills, make copies, send faxes, and even request Spanish translations, in addition to finding the usual liquor store fare.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

The day after her strange dream, Khourn decided to split one of the Super Set For Life tickets with a customer. She brought out her lucky coin, and the two took turns revealing numbers. When Khourn saw the word "LIFE" printed on the ticket, she started doing her "lottery dance." According to Leon, "You have to be careful around her when she wins. She could knock you over if she gets $100." After her nerves settled, Khourn gave the other members of Wiffe Enterprises, L.L.C., one piece of advice, "From day one, we've said, `Don't blow it, save it.' I plan to pay off my debts first." Then Khourn added, "The one thing I want people to know is that it's a blessing, and I'm very thankful." Introduced in March, Super Set For Life has three remaining top prizes each worth $500,000 annually for 15 years, not to exceed $7,500,000. The store is also eligible to receive a $10,000 retailer bonus for selling the winning ticket. "We pride ourselves on having some of the best retailers in the business," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "Ms. Khourn's store is evidently a community hub offering a variety of services, and she and Ms. Leon speak highly of their clientele." Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $53 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $13 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org.
...

The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.
Note to Editors: A photograph of Ms. Leon and Ms. Khourn is available in .jpeg format by contacting Robyn Smith at 512-344-5477 or Robyn.Smith@lottery.state.tx.us. Texas Lottery offices will be closed on July 4.

