NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Friday, May 30, 2008

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEXAS LOTTERY® WEB SITE FEATURES RETAILER LOCATOR, TERMINAL TONES
(AUSTIN) ­ Texas Lottery® players have two new reasons to visit the official Web site at www.txlottery.org ­ a store locator tool and a section featuring terminal tones. "This agency continually strives to improve the player experience and embrace industry best practices," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "The latest online information is a direct result of feedback we received from the public." Visitors to the Web site are now able to find retailers based on specific criteria using the store locator. The tool can identify locations by city or zip code. For those who are loyal to certain games, one option allows players to search for retailers selling a particular scratch-off game. Another field lets players locate retailers based on whether or not they allow smoking. Search results include retailer contact information and even a map of each location. Another section of the Web site called "The Sound of Winners" features information about the new terminal tones coming to Texas Lottery retailers. Lottery terminals play a confirmation tone each time a ticket is validated, and visitors to the Web site can preview those tones online. Players hear one of four distinct tones, depending upon the status of each ticket. One tone indicates a prize of $599 or less, which can be paid by the
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

retailer. A second tone indicates that a ticket must be validated at a claim center, such as those winning more than $599 or non-cash prizes. Another signifies a non-winning ticket. The final tone is reserved for tickets which the retailer cannot validate, including those that are expired, inactive or have other validation issues. For those customers who are hearing impaired, lottery terminals continue to print a validation receipt confirming the prize amount. "By continuing to update our Web site resources, the Texas Lottery strives to enhance our customer service and player communications," said Sadberry. "Of course, we are still available by phone, fax, or in person at our claim centers throughout Texas." ...

The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

