NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Monday, October 12, 2009

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

DALLAS COWBOYS FAN FROM ARKANSAS WINS "WILD WEEKEND" TRIP FOR 20 PEOPLE
(AUSTIN) ­ Neil Nicholas of Stamps, Arkansas, won a "Wild Weekend" package in the recent Dallas Cowboys second-chance drawing. The package will provide a once-in-a-lifetime trip to a Dallas Cowboys home game for Nicholas and 19 of his closest friends. "I grew up watching the Cowboys. They are my favorite pro team," said Nicholas. Although he sent in several tickets, this Texas Lottery® prize came as a bit of a shock. "I was very surprised. I didn't think it was real to start with." Four more "Wild Weekend" packages and hundreds of other prizes will be given out in second-chance drawings to be held throughout the run of the game. Players who don't win instantly can enter the second-chance drawings by filling out the back of each non-winning Dallas Cowboys ticket,
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

affixing a first-class stamp and mailing the ticket to the address printed on the back. "When this opportunity to partner with the Dallas Cowboys arose, we saw it as a chance to put together a game which would offer unique prizes to our players who love football," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "We are happy to see a fan like Mr. Nicholas enjoy this game with his guests from the comfort of a luxury suite." In an effort to continue his winning streak, Nicholas plans to participate in future second-chance drawings, as well. "We've got entries in for the next one," he said. "We're hoping for season tickets next time." Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $170 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $70 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...
Note to Editors: A photograph in jpg format is available by contacting Robyn Smith at 512-344-5477 or robyn.smith@lottery.state.tx.us. For a complete list of winners, please visit: http://www.dallascowboys.com/texaslottery/texaslotteryWinners.cfm

