TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, November 06, 2009 CONTACT: Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEXAS LOTTERY® INTRODUCES VETERANS CASH SCRATCH-OFF BENEFITTING TEXAS VETERANS
(Austin) ­ With patriotic symbols and a healthy dose of red, white and blue, the new Veterans Cash scratch-off game promises to appeal to patriotic players. And since proceeds from this game will benefit the Fund for Veterans' Assistance, players will know that their purchases will enhance veterans' programs throughout the state of Texas.

Seeing a need, Senator Leticia Van de Putte of San Antonio and Representative Chris Turner of Arlington decided to find a new source of support for the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. The two legislators cosponsored a bill to create a Texas Lottery® scratch-off ticket benefitting veterans, and that bill was ultimately signed into law by Governor Rick Perry.

The revenue from the Veterans Cash instant ticket game will augment any grants and donations received by the fund and increase financial support for programs meeting the needs of Texas veterans. Appropriately, the game will launch on Monday, November 9, just before Veterans Day.

"As we celebrate Veterans Day next week, it is important to remember all of the men and women who have served our country at home and abroad," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "We are proud to have this opportunity to support our veterans and look forward to working with the Texas Veterans Commission on future tickets (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 3445490

 

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)
 

benefitting the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. It's just one way for the Texas Lottery and Texas Lottery players to thank our military personnel."

The Fund for Veterans' Assistance was established by the Texas Legislature in 2005. The Texas Veterans Commission administers the fund and distributes money from the fund to local and statewide veterans' programs. Programs include job-placement assistance, nursing care, scholarship programs, counseling services and more.

For more information about the Texas Lottery or this game, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ### Note to Editors: A game graphic in jpg format is available by contacting Robyn Smith at 512-344-5477 or robyn.smith@lottery.state.tx.us.

 

