NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Thursday, January 22, 2009

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

SINGULAR SET FOR LIFE TICKET AWARDS PRIZE WITH WEEKLY PAYMENTS OF $5,000, UP TO $5,000,000
(AUSTIN) ­ While visiting the local B&B One Stop, 540 N. Interstate 20, George Young of Colorado City saw a Texas Lottery® scratchoff ticket sitting on its own. He decided to purchase the ticket, assuming it had been rejected by another player. Young recalls thinking, "If someone doesn't want that ticket, it might be lucky." He asked the clerk about it, but she revealed that the Set For Life ticket was simply separated from the pack accidentally during a routine inventory count. Luckily for Young, he had already made up his mind to purchase the ticket. On the way back to town, Young began to scratch the ticket with his thumb and revealed a "LIFE" symbol. "I threw the ticket down and started looking for a place to pull over," he explained. Unfortunately, there was a patrol car sitting at the first place he found, and Young was already flush with excitement. "I wanted to stop and look, but I was afraid the police officer would think something was wrong with me," joked Young. Eventually, Young was able to get a good look at his ticket. Then he called his daughter and told her the exciting news. His ticket showed a top
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

prize of $5,000 a week, not to exceed $5 million. This time it was his turn to be calm while she screamed with excitement. Young and his daughter are Texas Lottery scratch-off fans, and this was not their first winning experience. Once, they unknowingly purchased back-to-back tickets from a local store. Even then, it was the elder Young who had luck on his side, to the tune of $1,000. Young's daughter and brother accompanied him as he claimed his prize in Austin, and family takes center stage in his plans for the prize money. He wants to use the money toward education expenses for his five grandchildren. Young did admit that he will purchase one item for himself with the money. He plans to buy a new hat. "Our hats are off to Mr. Young," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "Using the prize money for his grandchildren's education makes sense and fits nicely with our mission to support Texas education." For selling the winning ticket, the B&B One Stop in Colorado City is eligible for a $10,000 retailer bonus. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $21 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $12 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

