NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Friday, September 18, 2009

Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

$100,000 WINNER BECOMES FAN OF HOUSTON TEXANS
(AUSTIN) ­ The Houston Texans gained a new avid fan last night when Carol F. Sanders of Mesquite purchased a Houston Texans scratch-off ticket worth $100,000. "When I was standing there in the 7 Star in Mesquite, this ticket just jumped out at me," said Sanders. Scratching the ticket in her car, Sanders says she wasn't immediately sure what she had. "I had to look at it a couple of times, and then I looked again," she explained. "I went back in to the store and had the guy there check it for me. He was almost as shocked as I was." This isn't the first time she's won. Sanders says she has received Texas Lottery® prizes up to $500 before, but this top-prize win may have sparked a new interest in the lottery for one family member.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"My husband never played before, but I think he's going to start playing now," said Sanders. Having already purchased a new home, Sanders says she won't buy any big-ticket items with the money. "I'll be careful with it, probably put some in the bank, invest it, and buy a few things for the new house." Sanders purchased her winning ticket at the 7 Star Food Store located at 1066 Pioneer in Mesquite. This is the fourth of seven top prizes available in the Houston Texans game introduced August 17. Overall odds of winning are one in 3.84, including break-even prizes. "Both the Houston Texans and Dallas Cowboys tickets have sold well since their introduction," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "The Texas Lottery is extremely proud to partner with both organizations to generate funding for education in Texas." Players who don't win instantly in the Houston Texans and Dallas Cowboys games shouldn't throw away their tickets. Both games offer second-chance prizes in drawings to be held throughout the run of the games. To enter, fill out the back of any non-winning ticket, affix a firstclass stamp, and mail the entry to the address printed on the ticket. More details about the second-chance drawings and available prizes are available on the official Texas Lottery Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $51 million. Tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $55 million. ...
Note to Editors: To request a photograph of Carol F. Sanders in jpg format, please contact Robyn Smith at (512)344-5477 or Robyn.Smith@lottery.state.tx.us.

