TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, December 30, 2009 CONTACT: Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

LATE NIGHT POST OFFICE STOP RESULTS IN HOUSTON TEXANS "VIP SUITE WEEKEND" WIN
(Austin) ­ Cherie Watkins of Port O'Connor took a friend's advice and entered her non-winning Houston Texans scratch-off tickets in a Texas Lottery® secondchance drawing. That decision will have her traveling next year to participate in a VIP weekend at a Houston Texans home game.

"I worked until midnight that night and filled out the back of the tickets. I went to the post office, put them in the night drop and didn't think too much more about it until I got the call," Watkins explained.

"My friend told me she does it all the time, and she's won jackets and hats. When I got the call, I thought they were going to ask me what size I wanted. When I heard I won the trip, I couldn't believe it."

The Texans "VIP Suite Weekend" awarded in a recent second-chance drawing includes: · · · · · Tickets in a private Texans Luxury Suite for a Texans home game, including food and non-alcoholic beverages, for the lucky winner and 13 friends or family members A Texans Ambassador (retired NFL legend) to watch the game with the group Round trip airfare, ground transportation, hotel accommodations and dinner Access to the Texans Tunnel during the presentation of the starting line-ups for the lucky winner and pre-game sideline passes for the group Team merchandise bag consisting of a polo shirt, hat and Texans Power Towel (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

 

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)
 

This is the fourth trip to be awarded, and one more winner will be drawn in the final secondchance drawing to be held after the game closes. Players who wish to enter should fill out the back of each non-winning ticket, affix a first-class stamp and mail.

The Houston Texans fan hasn't decided yet who will fill each spot in the suite, but she knows she will be bringing a number of family members to the game.

"Football has a rich history of bringing families closer together, and it is encouraging to see that Ms. Watkins plans to continue that tradition with her own family," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "Her story reminds us that even those who are entering for the first time can win big in our second-chance drawings."

Watkins summed up her experience by saying, "This scratch-off turned into my biggest winner ever." Tonight's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $26 million. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $27 million.

For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ### Note to Editors: A photograph in jpg format is available by contacting Robyn Smith at 512-344-5477 or robyn.smith@lottery.state.tx.us.

 

