TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, November 13, 2009 CONTACT: Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

SOMERSET RESIDENT READY TO RIDE WITH INSTANT TEXAS LOTTERY® MOTORCYCLE WIN
(Austin) ­ During a recent hunting trip near Rocksprings, Clinton G. Shanefelter Jr. of Somerset had no luck with the deer. Then a trip into town for groceries and gas gave him a chance to try a Texas Lottery® scratch-off game called Lucky Rider.

"We were on our way back to camp when I scratched it off and found the winning number," said Shanefelter. "Then I scratched the prize to reveal a motorcycle picture ­ been smiling ever since."

It only took one ticket for Shanefelter to find the second of four instant-win Lucky Rider motorcycles from LDT Customs. Each custom pro-street motorcycle features a hand-painted tank with 24-karat gold-leaf striping, a diamond wheel design and oil-tanned leather seat.

This win was a dream come true for Shanefelter, who said, "I've always wanted a motorcycle. I used to ride when I was younger, and I enjoy the freedom of it."

In addition to the four instant-win motorcycles, three bikes were allotted for second-chance drawings. Stacy Kaiser of Arlington won the drawing held at the State Fair of Texas. The next drawing will be held on Tuesday, December 8. Players who wish to enter can fill out the back of each non-winning Lucky Rider ticket, affix a first-class stamp and drop the ticket in the mail.
(more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"These motorcycle prizes include tax, title and license, so they are ready to ride upon delivery," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "No doubt Mr. Shanefelter will be experiencing that old feeling of freedom in no time."

Shanefelter purchased his winning ticket at the Rocksprings Short Stop located at 106 S. Texas Highway 55 in Rocksprings. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $12 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $10 million.

For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ### Note to Editors: A photograph in jpg format is available by contacting Robyn Smith at 512-344-5477 or robyn.smith@lottery.state.tx.us.

