TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, November 02, 2009 CONTACT: Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

ALEDO PLAYER WINS "WILD WEEKEND" WITH ONE DALLAS COWBOYS SCRATCH-OFF TICKET
(Austin) ­ "We'll plan on having one heck of a party," said Ronald Miller of Aledo after hearing that he'd won the "Wild Weekend" package in the most recent Dallas Cowboys second-chance drawing.

"I bought one ticket and read that second-chance stuff," said Miller. "I thought, `Why not?' So, I sent the ticket in. It's just unbelievable, totally unbelievable."

The Dallas Cowboys "Wild Weekend" includes: · · · · · One suite for 20 guests at a Dallas Cowboys home game; A private tour of the Dallas Cowboys practice facility at Valley Ranch; A private tour of the new Dallas Cowboys Stadium; Travel and hotel accommodations for 20 guests; and A pre-game party for 20 guests at the Dallas Cowboys Stadium, including food and nonalcoholic beverages.

One "Wild Weekend" package will be given away in each of the three remaining Dallas Cowboys drawings. Other Dallas Cowboys second-chance prizes include away-game trips, draft weekend packages, pairs of season tickets, autographed authentic jerseys and Dallas Cowboys gift cards. Players who don't win instantly can enter the second-chance drawing by filling out the back of each non-winning Dallas Cowboys ticket, affixing a first-class stamp and putting the ticket in the mail. The next drawing will be held November 17. (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"With more than $38 million in total prizes and exciting second-chance prizes, it's no wonder our players have enjoyed the Dallas Cowboys game," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "Still, we always encourage our players to enjoy our games responsibly, and that is just what Mr. Miller did."

The Dallas Cowboys game offers instant prizes up to $100,000. Eight top prizes remain unclaimed. Overall odds of winning any cash prize are one in 3.85, including break-even prizes. Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $50 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $7 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery®, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ### Note to Editors: A photograph in jpg format is available by contacting Robyn Smith at 512-344-5477 or robyn.smith@lottery.state.tx.us. For a complete list of winners, please visit: http://www.dallascowboys.com/texaslottery/texaslotteryWinners.cfm

