NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Monday, March 02, 2009

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEMPLE RESIDENT FINALLY COLLECTS WEEKLY GRAND TOP PRIZE
(AUSTIN) ­ Dan Tobe Smith Jr. of Temple came to Texas Lottery® headquarters in Austin right before the Thanksgiving holiday to collect his Weekly Grand top prize, but it was not to be. An expired Texas identification card tripped him up, and since then he's had to wait on Louisiana authorities to send him a copy of his birth certificate so he could claim his winnings, which he did Thursday. "I haven't gone to Louisiana to get this done, so I've had to do all the paperwork by mail," Smith said. "But I got it at last, and I finally got here with all the documents I needed, and I brought some I didn't need, just in case." Since his first trip to Austin last November, he's been frustrated that he couldn't collect his prize, but his stroke of good fortune has not gone unnoticed. "Lots of people know, even my sister in Kansas called to tell me that she had heard over there that I'd won money," Smith said. "She thought I'd won $2 million, but I told her the prize was $1,040,000." In fact, several female co-workers at the PACTIV plant, where he has worked for nine years, have joshed the bachelor about marriage. "I tell them that I'm available, but my money isn't," Smith said.

(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

The new winner is using his middle name to claim his prize to spare his fellow namesakes in Temple any problems. "The sheriff of Bell County is named Dan Smith," he said. "I'm sure he'll get some calls." Paying off his bills and buying a new vehicle are on Smith's to-do list for his winnings. "I'm going to keep working, too," he said. "Later on, I plan to return to Louisiana where I was born and raised," he said. "But I'll always keep a residence in Temple, so I can keep coming back." "Weekly Grand has been one of the Lottery's most popular games consistently," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "Since we introduced the game in 1995, we've re-issued the game 20 times. The version on which Mr. Smith won is the latest, and he claimed the third of four top prizes." Smith purchased the ticket at the Quiks Food Mart, 710 Industrial Boulevard, in Temple. The retailer is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling this ticket. Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $212 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $23 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...
Note to Editors: A photo in jpg format of Mr. Smith is available. Contact Leticia Vásquez @512-344-5208 or leticia.vasquez@lottery.state.tx.us.

