TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, October 23, 2009 CONTACT: Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

"HOT DIGGITY!" DALLAS COWBOYS FAN FROM BURLESON WINS IN SECOND-CHANCE DRAWING
(Austin) ­ "Hot diggity! I'm happy as a lark," said Larry Stanford of Burleson after learning he won a "Draft Weekend" package for two in the latest Dallas Cowboys second-chance drawing.

Since its introduction in mid-August, the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game has awarded four top prizes of $100,000 and thousands of other prizes. Players who don't win instantly can enter the second-chance drawings by filling out the back of each non-winning Dallas Cowboys ticket, affixing a first-class stamp and dropping the ticket in the mail.

This second-chance prize includes an inside look at the War Room on Draft Day. Then Stanford will ride on the Dallas Cowboys Luxury Bus to the official Dallas Cowboys Draft Party where he can take advantage of two VIP passes to the event.

"I'm a diehard Cowboys fan, thick or thin," said Stanford. "This is the coolest thing I've ever won."

"The `Draft Weekend' package is one of several unique prizes offered by the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "It seems only appropriate that a true fan like Mr. Stanford will have this once-in-a-lifetime chance to get an insider's look at player evaluations and strategies."
(more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

Other Dallas Cowboys second-chance prizes include gift certificates, signed jerseys, pairs of season tickets and prize packages, such as away-game trips and "Wild Weekend" events. Stanford says he'll keep playing Texas Lottery® games that offer second chances to win. In addition to the Dallas Cowboys ticket, he enjoys the Texas Lottery game Lucky Rider. That game features seven pro-street bikes built by LDT Customs, three of which are awarded as secondchance prizes.

"If I can win that motorcycle, I'll be in good shape," he said. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $18 million. Tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $4 million.

For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ###

Note to Editors: A photograph in jpg format is available by contacting Robyn Smith at 512-344-5477 or robyn.smith@lottery.state.tx.us. For a complete list of winners, please visit: http://www.dallascowboys.com/texaslottery/texaslotteryWinners.cfm

