TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Tuesday, October 27, 2009 CONTACT: Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

MAN FROM BURLESON ENTERS THREE TICKETS IN DRAWING, WINS ONE BIG WEEKEND FOR TWO
(AUSTIN) ­ Gregory L. Smith of Burleson is a self-described die-hard Dallas Cowboys fan and estimates that he has followed the team since the late 1960s. When a Texas Lottery® official called to tell him he'd won a "Draft Weekend" package in the most recent Dallas Cowboys second-chance drawing, it was a fitting surprise.

"I'm a real big fan. I like the Cowboys," said Smith. "Now, I'll be going to the `Draft Weekend' with Jerry and the `Boys.'"

Smith's coworkers were surprised by news of his win. He is known for wearing his Dallas Cowboys jersey in a tradition he calls "Cowboy Friday."

"They all said, `How did you manage that?' And I said, `I don't know. It was a shock.'"

He entered three tickets in the drawing and won one of two "Draft Weekend" packages. The prize includes an opportunity to go inside the War Room on Draft Day. Then he and his wife, who is also a fan, will travel on the Dallas Cowboys Luxury Bus to the official Dallas Cowboys Draft Party where they will enjoy the party, courtesy of two VIP passes.

(more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"The Dallas Cowboys game has been a hit among Texas Lottery players who follow the team and for good reason. Not only can they win up to $100,000 instantly, but they can send in nonwinning tickets for a chance to win once-in-a-lifetime prize packages like this one," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief.

Nine top prizes of $100,000 each remain unclaimed. Overall odds of winning any cash prize are one in 3.85, including break-even prizes. Dallas Cowboys scratch-off players who don't win instantly can enter the second-chance drawing by filling out the back of each non-winning ticket, affixing a first-class stamp and putting the ticket in the mail. The next drawing is scheduled for November 17.

Smith conveyed his hopes for another win, saying, "I'll keep playing. I'll probably buy some tickets on the way home." Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is worth an estimated $28 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $5 million.

For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ### Note to Editors: A photograph in jpg format is available by contacting Robyn Smith at 512-344-5477 or robyn.smith@lottery.state.tx.us. For a complete list of winners, please visit: http://www.dallascowboys.com/texaslottery/texaslotteryWinners.cfm

