 

TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Thursday, September 30, 2010 CONTACT: Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

 

TEXAS LOTTERY® ANNOUNCES OCTOBER GREEN BALLTM PROMOTION FOR PICK 3TM GAME

(AUSTIN) ­ Texas Lottery® players will have the chance to get more "green" from Pick 3TM thanks to the first-ever Pick 3 Green BallTM promotion scheduled for October 4 ­ 30. During the promotional period, Pick 3 players can increase their prize winnings when the green ball is drawn. At the start of this promotion, five white balls and one green ball will be placed in a drawing machine, and one ball will be randomly selected after each Pick 3 day and night drawing. If the green ball is selected, winning Pick 3 players will have approximately 20 percent added to their regular Pick 3 prize amount. Every time a white ball is selected, it will be removed from the drawing machine, increasing the chances of the green ball being selected in the next drawing. Once the green ball is selected, the drawing process starts again with all five white balls and one green ball being loaded back into the drawing machine for the next drawing. "We are constantly striving to bring new and interesting features to our games," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "We anticipate that this promotion will be fun for our players and ultimately lead to increased revenue for the Foundation School Fund, which supports Texas education." The Pick 3 Green Ball promotion will not increase the cost of the Pick 3 play for the player. The promotion applies to prizes for the Pick 3 base game only and does not increase prizes for the Sum It Up® add-on feature. 

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

 

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)
 

The Pick 3 Green Ball prize chart is shown below: 

For more information about this promotion, please visit the official Texas Lottery website at www.txlottery.org. ###

