TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, October 6, 2010 CONTACT: Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

DALLAS COWBOYS FANS WIN SEASON TICKETS IN TEXAS LOTTERY® SECOND-CHANCE DRAWING
(AUSTIN) ­ Two football fans from the San Antonio area claimed Dallas Cowboys season tickets at the Texas Lottery® Claim Center in San Antonio. Raul Romero of San Antonio and Thomas Thorman of Floresville will each receive a pair of tickets between the 30-yard lines for the next complete season of Cowboys home games. Romero enjoys rooting for Texas football teams, so it makes sense that he was drawn to the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off tickets from the Texas Lottery. He sent in his non-winning tickets for the second-chance drawings and was ecstatic after getting the news of his second-chance win. He has just one piece of advice for others hoping to copy his success, "You've got to play to win." "Last year for the first time, we were able to work with the Dallas Cowboys to design a scratchoff ticket with their fans in mind," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "This year, we were able to take that a step further and create an even bigger game with instant prizes up to $250,000 and more than twice as many second-chance prizes." As a fan of scratch-off tickets, Thorman prefers games that offer second-chance prizes. He says, "You take a chance, you know, and if you don't win, you might as well send your tickets in." His logic paid off, and he says his wife will accompany him to some of the games at Cowboys Stadium next season.

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) With more than $39.3 million in prizes, the Dallas Cowboys game features overall odds of winning of one in 3.47, including break-even prizes. Nine instant top prizes of $250,000 remain unclaimed. Players who don't win instantly can mail in their tickets to participate in the secondchance drawings for opportunities to win unique Cowboys fan experiences, season tickets, autographed jerseys and Cowboys gift cards. Tonight's Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $60 million, and the Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $9 million. Friday's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $51 million. For more information about the Dallas Cowboys game and detailed instructions for entering the second-chance drawings, please visit the official Texas Lottery website at www.txlottery.org. ###

