TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION
News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Thursday, August 5, 2010 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

DALLAS COWBOYS SCRATCH-OFF TICKET RETURNS WITH NEW $250,000 INSTANT-WIN TOP PRIZE
(AUSTIN) ­ The Texas Lottery® has once again teamed with the Dallas Cowboys to offer a special scratch-off ticket sure to please Cowboys fans and lottery players alike. This year, the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game is even bigger with a top instant-win prize of $250,000. Players can also enter second-chance drawings for a chance to win unique Cowboys fan experiences, tickets and other great prizes. "The success of the original Dallas Cowboys game introduced last year led us to offer fans of the team a new game with a higher top prize and more than twice as many second-chance prizes," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "We are confident that this game will help us continue to generate revenue for the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas." "We are thrilled to once again be joining up with the Texas Lottery," said Jerry Jones Jr., the Chief Sales and Marketing Officer for the Dallas Cowboys. "Last year we saw firsthand the excitement that went along with winning some of the unique second-chance prizes, and this year's game will give our fans even more opportunities to be a part of the Dallas Cowboys. Just as importantly, this program will continue to help the youth of Texas by supporting education." The Dallas Cowboys game launched on August 2, and features more than $43 million in total prizes, including almost 7,000 second-chance prizes as shown below. · 5 ­ Dallas Cowboys "Wild Weekend" Packages, which include: o One suite for 20 guests at a Dallas Cowboys home game o Private tours of the Dallas Cowboys practice facility at Valley Ranch and the new Dallas Cowboys Stadium (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) o Pre-game party for 20 guests at the Dallas Cowboys Stadium, including food and non-alcoholic beverages o Transportation and hotel accommodations for 20 guests · 10 ­ Dallas Cowboys "Draft Party Trip" Packages for Two, which include: o The opportunity to go inside the War Room on Draft Day for an inside look at the Dallas Cowboys draft player evaluation and strategies by Jerry Jones o Two VIP Passes and a ride on the Dallas Cowboys Luxury Bus to the official Dallas Cowboys Draft Party o Transportation and hotel accommodations for two · 100 ­ Pairs of Season Tickets between the 30-yard lines for the next complete season of Dallas Cowboys home games · · 1,800 ­ Autographed Authentic Jerseys from Star Dallas Cowboys Players 5,000 ­ Dallas Cowboys Gift Cards, valued at $100 each, to be redeemed at Dallas Cowboys Official Pro Shops or online at www.dallascowboys.com Five second-chance drawings will be held for the Dallas Cowboys game, and the entry deadline for the first drawing will be September 17 of this year. Players can enter for a second chance to win by filling out the back of each non-winning ticket, affixing a first-class stamp and mailing. For detailed instructions and game information, please visit the official Texas Lottery website at www.txlottery.org. ###

