TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Thursday, October 7, 2010 CONTACT: Robyn Smith, 512-344-5477

Media Relations, 512-344-5131
 

DALLAS COWBOYS TICKETS WON IN 2ND-CHANCE DRAWING TO BE SHARED WITH FAMILY, FRIENDS
(AUSTIN) ­ When Felix Ramirez of Del Valle first received the phone call from the Texas Lottery®, he thought he had won two tickets to a single Dallas Cowboys football game. Then the representative on the other end of the line explained that he had won one of 20 pairs of Cowboys season tickets given away in a recent second-chance drawing for the Dallas Cowboys scratchoff game. "I told my wife who's a huge Dallas fan. She was so excited," said Ramirez. "My wife just says I'm lucky." Ramirez says his wife and other family and friends will also benefit from his win. He plans to "share the wealth" of his season tickets win. "Dallas Cowboys football is a Texas tradition that many fans enjoy sharing with friends and family, and we're glad that this prize is giving Mr. Ramirez a chance to do just that," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "It's not too late, however, for other Texas Lottery players to win Dallas Cowboys season tickets and other exciting secondchance prizes. The deadline to enter the next second-chance drawing is Friday, October 15."

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

 

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) 
 

As for his winning secret, Ramirez says it is simple. "Just play when you can. Like they say, `You have to play to win!'" The Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game features more than $39.3 million in prizes. Nine top prizes of $250,000 remain unclaimed, and overall odds of winning are one in 3.47, including breakeven prizes. Players who don't win instantly can mail in their non-winning tickets for the secondchance drawings to be held throughout the run of the game. Tomorrow's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $51 million. Saturday's Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $20 million, and the Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $10 million. For more information about the Dallas Cowboys game and detailed instructions for entering the second-chance drawings, please visit the official Texas Lottery website at www.txlottery.org. ###

