TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION
News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, August 2, 2010 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131
 

NEW HOUSTON TEXANS TICKET TO FEATURE $75,000 TOP PRIZES, SECOND-CHANCE PRIZES
(AUSTIN) ­ Following the success of last year's Houston Texans scratch-off ticket, the Texas Lottery® is bringing it back August 2 with a new set of prizes sure to appeal to fans of the team and the lottery. The $5 ticket features instant prizes up to $75,000. The game also features secondchance drawings for one-of-a-kind Texans fan experiences, game tickets and other great prizes. "We are proud to join the Houston Texans team in offering a scratch-off game geared toward their fans," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "With more than $19 million in total prizes including exciting second-chance prizes, this game will help us in our mission to generate revenue for the Foundation School Fund, which supports Texas education." "We are proud of our relationship with the Texas Lottery and the support this program provides for education in Texas." said Texans President Jamey Rootes. "It is a fun and exciting way for us to engage our fans and this year we will enhance the experience by providing several new secondchance prizes that are not available to the general public." Players who don't win instantly can participate in the second-chance drawings, which will include the prizes listed below. · "Away Game Trip on a Private Jet" Package, including: o Round-trip airfare for two on a private plane to a 2011 Houston Texans away game with other "Owner for a Day" winners o Police escort between stadium and airport o Suite tickets for two including food and non-alcoholic beverages o Pre-game sideline access and the opportunity to meet the Texans owner o High-end Texans gift bag (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

 

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)
 

· "VIP Texans Season Tickets Package for 2 Years," including: o Two sets of season tickets per winner for the next two seasons of Texans home games at Reliant Stadium, between the 30-yard lines o Team merchandise gift bag o Two pre-game sideline passes to a Texans pre-season game o Two invitations to hospitality tent including food and non-alcoholic beverages to a Texans Training Camp practice at The Methodist Training Center including a scheduled visit by the Texans General Manager o Transportation not included · Texans "VIP Suite Weekend" Package, including: o Private Texans Luxury Suite at a Texans home game including 14 tickets, food and non-alcoholic beverages o The right for the winner to be in the Texans Tunnel during the presentation of the Texans starting line-ups o Pre-game sideline passes for 14 o Travel arrangements, hotel accommodations and dinner for 14 o Team merchandise gift bag · Autographed Authentic Texans Jersey from a Texans Star Player

Five second-chance drawings will be held for the Houston Texans game, and the entry deadline for the first drawing will be September 17 of this year. Players can enter for a second chance to win by filling out the back of each non-winning ticket, affixing a first-class stamp and mailing. For detailed instructions and game information, please visit the official Texas Lottery website at www.txlottery.org. ###

