TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Tuesday, July 5, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

SECOND-CHANCE WIN PUTS DEVINE RESIDENT IN THE PRICE IS RIGHT® LIVE! STAGE SHOW IN LAS VEGAS
(Austin) ­ Clay Crouch of Devine says he sent in about 15 nonwinning The Price Is Right® tickets for the second-chance drawing held June 14, but he was still surprised to find out he'd won one of 24 trips to Las Vegas to be given away in four second-chance drawings. In fact, he had gone to the Texas Lottery® website to check the drawing results for another game entirely. "I had looked on the Monopoly page, but the winners weren't listed yet there. I knew that The Price Is Right® drawing usually happened around the same time. So I checked over there, and my name was the first on the list. From there, it was chaos." He called his sister, who he plans to take as his guest, and then called several friends. The next thing he knew a whole group was planning their next vacation in Las Vegas. "There'll be about 10 other people going at the same time," said Crouch. "We all just went to Colorado together. When they found out I'd won this trip, they said, `You're not leaving us behind.'" The second-chance prize features a four-day, three-night trip. The trip includes round-trip airfare, ground transportation, hotel accommodations, $1,000 spending money, and two tickets to The Price Is Right Live! stage show. The stage show, comprised exclusively of the Texas Lottery winners, will allow randomly selected prizewinners the chance to play for up to $1 million. Whether or not he wins big at the stage show, Crouch will receive an additional $4,000 prize after he returns from the trip.

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) "Many of our players tell us they prefer games that offer a second chance to win," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "This second-chance drawing has the added excitement of a chance to `Come on down!' and play The Price Is Right® Live! stage show in Las Vegas." One instant-win top prize of $50,000 remains unclaimed in The Price Is Right®. Overall odds of winning are one in 3.72, including break-even prizes. Players can send in their non-winning tickets for the second-chance drawing by filling out the information on the back of the ticket, affixing a first-class stamp and mailing. Crouch has one piece of advice for other Texas Lottery scratch-off players. "Keep playing and mail in those second-chance drawing tickets. You never know; you just may get lucky." Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $12 million. Tomorrow's Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $25 million, and the Lotto Texas® jackpot is an estimated $7 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, visit www.txlottery.org. ###

