TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, October 21, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

DALLAS COWBOYS FAN GETS GIFT WORTH $100,000
(Austin) ­ When Round Rock resident Juanita Bishop's sister saw the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game at the Select Mart, she knew she had to buy one for the die-hard Cowboys fan. "I've been a Dallas fan for years. I only watch their games," said Bishop. "I only watch football if Dallas is playing." As a result, Bishop won one of 26 top prizes of $100,000 in the game. The Dallas Cowboys scratch-off features more than $29 million in total prizes and overall odds of winning any prize of one in 3.67, including break-even prizes. "I had to read the instructions again and again to be sure that what I was seeing was correct," she said. "Then I called my mom. She's the expert in our family." "Football has a way of bringing families together in Texas, and it's great to see that Ms. Bishop's sister and mother were able to experience her Dallas Cowboys win with her," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "You don't have to win instantly to get exciting prizes in this game, though. The Dallas Cowboys game also features some impressive secondchance prizes." Texas Lottery® players who don't win instantly enter the second-chance drawings at www.txlottery.org/luckzone. Second-chance prizes include "Wild Weekend" packages for 20, "Draft Party" packages for two, pairs of season tickets, autographed jerseys and Dallas Cowboys gift cards. (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) Bishop's winning ticket came from the Select Mart at 1925 Rutland Drive, Suite B, in Austin. She says she'll donate to her church first. Then she will use some of the money to help her family and pay bills. Tonight's Mega Millions® jackpot is an estimated $48 million, and Saturday's Powerball® jackpot is an estimated $148 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit www.txlottery.org. ###

