TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION
News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, September 16, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEXAS LOTTERY® AND HOUSTON TEXANS JOIN FORCES TO ANNOUNCE NEWEST EDITION OF SCRATCH-OFF GAME

(Austin) ­ Texas Lottery® players and NFL fans alike have reason to cheer. Representatives of the Texas Lottery and the Houston Texans announced the third edition of the Houston Texans scratch-off game. "We are excited to renew our partnership with the Houston Texans and once again bring the excitement of the Houston Texans scratch-off game to lottery players around the state," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "The previous two versions of the game have generated more than $50 million in sales and over $2.5 million in retailer commissions. The most important measure of the games' success, however, is over $10 million in revenue for the Foundation School Fund." The newest version of the $5 game launched September 12 with a top cash prize of $100,000 and total cash prizes of more than $17 million. Overall odds of winning are one in 3.66, including break-even prizes. "We are excited to continue our successful partnership with the Texas Lottery and expand our support of the Foundation School Fund, which is the beneficiary of the lottery funds raised through this program." said Houston Texans President Jamey Rootes. "Our relationship also allows us to engage Texans fans across the state. This year playing the Texans scratch-off game will be even more exciting now that the grand prize has been increased to $100,000. Of course, we will continue to reward players with a broad assortment of second-chance prizes, including exclusive Texans experiences, authentic autographed Texans merchandise and other unique and valuable items. We are proud to work with the Texas Lottery to build our connection with Texans fans across the region and support education in Texas." (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) Players who don't win instantly can enter the promotional second-chance drawings for an opportunity to win authentic signed jerseys, season tickets, luxury suite packages and private jet away game trips. This year's Houston Texans game will allow players to enter the drawings via the Texas Lottery website. More game information and instructions on how to enter the promotional second-chance drawings can be found on the Texas Lottery website, www.txlottery.org. ###

