TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION
News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Tuesday, Aug. 7, 2012 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

HOUSTON TEXANS SCRATCH-OFF GAME RETURNS WITH EXCITING NEW "TEXANS TAILGATE" PRIZE
(AUSTIN) ­ The Houston Texans scratch-off game from the Texas Lottery® is back with a brand-new promotional second-chance drawing prize, the "Texans Tailgate." The prize package allows the winner and nine guests to enjoy the ultimate Houston Texans tailgating experience, including dinner the night before the game, a tailgate with food and entertainment the day of the game, game tickets with sideline passes and a variety of team merchandise. The winner will also receive a Texans-branded gas grill and tailgating kit. "Houston Texans fans know how to celebrate game day," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "This unique prize will be a fun opportunity for football fans and lottery players to show their team spirit." This year, the Houston Texans game features 14 instant-win top prizes of $100,000 each. Players who don't win instantly may enter the promotional second-chance drawings to be held throughout the run of the game. More than 300 prizes will be awarded in each of the five drawings. Other prizes include: · Owner for a Weekend- Prize package includes travel by private plane to and from an away game, hotel accommodations, police escort to game, suite tickets, pregame sideline access and an opportunity to meet the team's owner. · VIP Texans Season Tickets Package- Prize includes two sets of season tickets located between the 30 yard lines, a Texans Merchandise gift bag and two pregame sideline passes to a preseason game. · Autographed jersey from a star Texans player.

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

New Houston Texans scratch-off game/page 2

"The tailgating environment at Houston Texans games has consistently been recognized as the best in the NFL, and we are excited to work with the Texas Lottery to welcome the winners of the new `Texans Tailgate' package to Reliant Stadium starting this fall," said Texans President Jamey Rootes. "Most importantly, we are proud to partner with the Texas Lottery on the Houston Texans scratch off game because the dollars generated through the game benefits the Foundation School Fund, which supports youth and education across the state of Texas." About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $20 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $38 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $14 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. Celebrating its 20th anniversary this year, the Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball®, Mega Millions®, Lotto Texas®, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information about this game and secondchance drawing details, please visit txlottery.org. ###

