TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION
News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Thursday, Aug. 23, 2012 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

THE COWBOYS ARE BACK IN TOWN AND SO IS THE NEW

DALLAS COWBOYS SCRATCH-OFF GAME
(AUSTIN) ­ The Dallas Cowboys returned from training camp yesterday, and are reminding Cowboys fans and Texas Lottery® players to get in the game. The newest version of the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game offers more than $29.8 million in prizes including top prizes of $100,000. Players that do not win instantly can enter their ticket into any of the five promotional second-chance drawings to be held throughout the run of the game. "We always look forward to the start of football season and another chance to join forces with the Dallas Cowboys to offer this exciting game," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. "The promotional second-chance drawings provide a unique playing experience and the opportunity to win once in a lifetime opportunities." More than 1,000 prizes will be awarded in each of the five second-chance drawings. Prizes include:  One suite for the winner and 19 guests at a home game and private tours of the Cowboys practice facility at Valley Ranch and Cowboys Stadium (prize includes airfare travel and hotel accommodations)  The opportunity to go inside the War Room on Draft Day with Jerry Jones and VIP passes to the Dallas Cowboys Draft Party (includes travel on the Dallas Cowboys luxury bus)    Pair of season tickets for the next complete season of home games Autographed jerseys from star players Dallas Cowboys gift cards

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

New Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game/page 2

"This game is a big deal to us because the money generated goes to educating young people in the state of Texas. Each year one of the highlights of our partnership with the Texas Lottery is the opportunity to meet many of the second-chance winners, because this program offers our fans the chance to win some great prize packages," said Jerry Jones, owner and general manager of the Dallas Cowboys. About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $20 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $38 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $14 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. Celebrating its 20th anniversary this year, the Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball®, Mega Millions®, Lotto Texas®, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information about this game and secondchance drawing details, please visit txlottery.org.

###

