Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - March 3, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Texas Lottery® Ticket With $22,000 Prize Gets Stuck In Copier, But Story Still Has Happy Ending

Norman Olguin of Amarillo, winner of the top prize in the scratch off game Super Duper Doubler from the Texas Lottery.

(Austin, March 3) - Norman Olguin of Amarillo knew he had a Texas Lottery® ticket with lots of meaning to it. That's why he was ready to walk out of the retail location with the store's copier in hand, when his ticket got stuck in the scanner after a clerk tried to make a copy of it. "I told the clerk, 'You better be ready to lose a copier in about a second,'" Olguin said. "But then I got it out." The ticket in question was a Super Duper Doubler that Olguin believed had won him a prize of $22,000. "I scratched the ticket at home about 10 minutes after I bought it, and I kept looking at it

to see if what I was seeing was right," he said. "I took it back to the store. The clerk passed it through the terminal and the message that came up said that the ticket prize 'exceeded the amount' the store could pay. The clerk wanted to make a copy of the ticket for the store, and that's when it got stuck in the copier." "Mr. Olguin did his part to celebrate Texas Independence Day yesterday by 'liberating' his ticket from an oppressive copier," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "And his return was a top prize of $22,000, a truly great victory from a $2-ticket." Olguin purchased his ticket at the Toot N Totum #14, 1735 S. Nelson Street in Amarillo. He says he plans to pay off his truck and make a significant payment on the principal of his mortgage. This was only the second time in his life that Olguin had purchased a scratch off ticket. "I had $2 in my pocket, and I figured, you can't win if you don't play," he said. Tonight's Texas Two Step® is worth $225,000. Tomorrow night's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is worth an estimated $10 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $17 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery Commission supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

