Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - March 1, 2005
Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144

"Father Of Western Swing" Graces First-Ever Texas Lottery® Commemorative Scratch Ticket

Bob Wills, the "Father of Western Swing," pioneered sounds in the country music industry we all still hear today.

(Austin, March 1) - Texans need not know how to play the fiddle or be a music legend themselves to play the Texas Lottery's newest scratch game. To honor Bob Wills on the 100th anniversary of his birthday, the Texas Lottery® issued the first-ever commemorative scratch ticket featuring the "Father of Western Swing," who pioneered sounds in the country music industry we all still hear today. "It's a fantastic honor to be a part of celebrating Bob Wills and the impact he made to music and the state of Texas," said Reagan E. Greer, executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "The Texas Lottery takes great pride in being a leader in our industry and for showing the most profound respect for everything Texan. This commemorative ticket embodies that ideal, and helps us make an impact on the revenue we generate for this great state." Speaking from her Twin Fiddles Ranch in Alvarado Texas, Diane Wills Malone, daughter of Bob Wills and spokesperson for the Bob Wills Estate, had this to say on the Texas Lottery's observance of Bob Wills 100th Birthday: "My sisters and I are gratified that so many people still cherish our father's memory and his music. We send our deepest thanks

to the Texas Lottery Commission for all the hard work that went into this campaign and to Casey Monahan of the Texas Music Office for envisioning this tribute. We hope everyone will share in this centennial celebration of the life of Bob Wills and a truly Texas art form, the music they call Western Swing." The Bob Wills Commemorative scratch off game costs $1 to play. Players have the chance to win a top cash prize of $1,100. To play, players must match any of the YOUR SYMBOLS in the scratch area to the SWING SYMBOL. If players reveal a BW SYMBOL, they win $100 instantly. Please visit the Texas Music Office at their Web site, www.enjoytexasmusic.com for a complete listing of events around Texas commemorating the 100th anniversary of Bob Wills' birthday. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ...

