Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - June 29, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

Beaumont Man Wins 1st Cash Five® Prize; Also Won $45,000 Playing Cash 5®
(Austin, June 29) - James Burke of Beaumont is a veteran at winning in Cash Five®. In fact, he's almost gotten used to it, having won Monday night's top prize of $34,752, and also being a winner of $45,000 in March of 1999 in what was then Cash 5®. "I was reading the Beaumont Enterprise-Journal when I saw the numbers on my Quick Pick ticket," Burke said. "I'm walking on air just a little bit, feels great." A regular player, Burke now travels extensively for work and is not around to play The Games of Texas as much as he used to. He spends a lot of time in California working for one of the largest frozen food distributors in the country, Americold Logistics. "I'm able to come home on the weekends every few weeks, so I still manage to play," he said. "1999 was a good year, though. I won nearly $53,000, most of which came from the Cash 5 top prize, but I also managed to get five of six numbers several times in Lotto Texas." "I'm told by my staff in the Beaumont Claim Center that Mr. Burke has been practically a regular in the claim office, and used to come almost weekly with some new prize to collect," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "Now that he's back in town, I see that he hasn't lost his touch when it comes to playing and winning." Burke says he's got short-range, as well as long-range plans for his Cash Five winnings. "I'm taking my wife out for a big, fat lobster dinner," he said. "Then I plan to pay off my car." The prize will also help get them to their already-planned vacation destination, Cape Hatteras, North Carolina. He also has some advice for players. "You got to be in it to win it," he said. "Obviously, I like playing Cash Five, but I also

enjoy Texas Two Step." Burke purchased his ticket at Dan's Grocery, 4155 Folsom, in Beaumont, where he stops every morning to buy coffee. It's also his store of choice for Texas Lottery® tickets. The store is eligible to receive a bonus of one percent of the top prize, which comes to $347.52. Tonight's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $15 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery Commission supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

