TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - July 10, 2001 Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

MONTHLY MONEY WINNER TAKES HOME $150,000
(Austin, July 10) - Donna Hajdek came to Texas three years ago from Illinois and didn't skip a Lottery-playing beat. "I used to play in Illinois, so when I arrived here, I started playing right away," Hajdek said. "One time I won $120 with the Lotto, but nothing as large as this Monthly Money prize." Hajdek bought two Monthly Money instant tickets at the Food Fast located at 8604 Highway 64 East in Tyler almost two weeks ago. The top prize is $2,500 per month for five years. "I originally wanted another ticket when I went into the store to pay for the gas, but the clerk had to put a new role of what I wanted into the dispenser, so I told her to give me the Monthly Money instead," she said. "I scratched the tickets outside and I couldn't believe what I was seeing." Hajdek walked back into the store shaking every step of the way to ask if "what I was seeing was real." The clerk confirmed she had a top prize winner. "I started crying," an emotional Hajdek said. "I signed the ticket quickly, but even now, I still can hardly believe it." The Tyler-area grandmother says she plans to pay off her land and treat her two grandchildren, ages 12 and seven, to a Disney World cruise in Florida at Christmas time. "I also plan to travel a little," Hajdek said. "I love to travel and I just haven't had the chance to do any traveling in a long time. I haven't told my grandkids yet, it's going to be a surprise when they come back to town from their summer vacation." To celebrate in the immediate, however, Hajdek said she might invite a couple of friends out to a nice dinner. This was the last top prize in Monthly Money. The winner requested minimal publicity. Tonight's Texas Two Step prize is $200,000. Wednesday's Lotto Texas jackpot is an estimated $4 million. .... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org -30-

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=20612/14/2006 4:06:27 PM

