Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - April 22, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Runaway Bay Man Wins Twice On The Way To Winning Top Prize In $1 Million Club From The Texas Lottery

(Austin, April 22) - Willis Stamper of Runaway Bay near Fort Worth won the same prizes twice from the same Texas Lottery® tickets right before he used one of his prizes to buy a ticket that won him $1 million. "$1 Million Club was released just last week and now we've got the game's first top-prize winner under circumstances that stretch belief," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "The fact is, though, that Mr. Stamper won some big money and some not-so-big on his way to a cool million. For the unbelievers out there, this is major proof that you can win and win a lot." Stamper stopped at a store in Runaway Bay and bought two $1 Million Club tickets and won $200 on one and $25 on another. Then, in Jacksboro, he bought two more of the same ticket and won $200 on one and $25 on another. Still in Jacksboro, he then went into the Kwikstop Grocery and Deli, 400 S. Main Street, and bought two more $1 Million Club tickets. The first ticket to come off a new roll had the $1 million prize. Stamper became a millionaire. He showed the ticket to his accountant who told him the prize he saw, as well as the new

tax rate that would soon be in Stamper's life. "Mr. Stamper is no stranger to winning with the Texas Lottery," Greer said. "Last week, he won $1,000 playing Wheel of Fortune and has been a repeat winner in our secondchance drawings." Stamper and his wife, Judy, are retired school teachers. He was principal at Jacksboro Elementary, where she was also a teacher. They have three grandchildren and one greatgrandchild. There are two top prizes of $1 million left in this game. Stamper requested minimal publicity. Tonight's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is worth an estimated $205 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $45 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ...

