Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - July 21, 2005
Contact: Robert Elrod, 512-344-5436 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

For Just A Buck Extra, MegaplierTM Option Triples Winnings For Austin Mega MillionsTM Player

Austin's Billie Lawler won matched five of five numbers in the July 15, 2005, Mega Millions drawing, and because she Megaplied, she increased her prize from $250,000 to $750,000!

(Austin, July 21) - Though Billie Lawler of Austin was one of three Texas Lottery® players to match five of five numbers in last Friday's Mega MillionsTM drawing, she was the only one of the three who spent an extra dollar to Megaply her ticket. The MegaplierTM number for that drawing was 3, which meant that the value of the prize Lawler claimed was multiplied from $250,000 to $750,000! "I only bought one ticket for the drawing and I didn't get around to checking my numbers

for a couple of days," said Lawler. "At first I couldn't believe it; I had to check the ticket four or five times before I was sure. I am so happy and grateful!" Lawler became the first Texas Mega Millions player to match five of five numbers and Megaply her ticket since lower-tier prize amounts increased when the California Lottery joined the 12-state game in June. Mega Millions players choose five numbers from 1 to 56, and one Mega Ball number from a second field of numbers from 1 to 46. Each play costs a dollar. Players must match the five numbers plus the Mega Ball to win the jackpot. For an extra dollar, the Megaplier option, available only in Texas, allows players to multiply their non-grand/jackpot prize winnings two, three or four times. "I'm sure Ms. Lawler is glad she spent the extra dollar," said Bobby Heith, media relations director for the Texas Lottery Commission. "And with a $170 million jackpot up for grabs in Friday's Mega Millions drawing, there are likely to be a lot of folks spending some of their dollars in the next few days. We just want to remind everyone to play responsibly. Remember, it's just a game!" Lawler said that prior to Friday's drawing, her favorite game was Cash Five®, and the most she ever won was $1,000. Lawler also said she plans to put her winnings to good use by helping out her family and making some repairs to her house. Lawler purchased her ticket at the QWB Inc. # 3032 located at 2241 South IH 35 in Austin. Friday's Mega Millions jackpot will be worth an estimated $170 million and Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot will be worth an estimated $26 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ... The Texas Lottery supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

