Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - June 28, 2005
Contact: Robert Elrod, 512-344-5436 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Weekly Grand Just The Ticket For Jasper TopPrize Winner

Amanda Scott of Jasper claimed the top prize in the Texas Lottery® Weekly Grand scratch-off game.

(Austin, June 28) - Amanda Scott of Jasper today claimed the top prize ­ $1,000 a week for 20 years ­ in the Texas Lottery® Weekly Grand scratch-off game. The total amount of the prize before taxes is $1,040,000. Scott, who purchased her ticket from a self-service terminal at an H-E-B grocery store, also learned a valuable lesson: Don't scratch and drive! "After I got the tickets, I got back in my car and started driving," said Scott. "When I scratched off the winner, I got so excited I almost ran a guy over!" "Congratulations to Ms. Scott for claiming the 70th Weekly Grand top prize" said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "I always enjoy meeting our

lucky winners, and I also enjoy reminding all of our players that every ticket they buy helps support public education in our state. With more than $7.3 billion in transfers since 1997, the Foundation School Fund is our biggest winner of all." Scott says she's a regular scratch-off player; in fact, she recently won $200 on Break the Bank to help fund her trip to Texas Lottery headquarters in Austin to claim her Weekly Grand prize. Scott shouldn't have to worry too much about travel expenses for the next 20 years or so. Still, she says she's not quite ready to give up her job as a waitress just yet. "I think we'll spend the next year catching up and decide how to go from there," said Scott. "Besides, I really love my job!" Scott purchased her $2 <>winning ticket at the H-E-B #266, located at 420 E. Gibson St. in Jasper. The retail owner is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling the winning ticket. Tuesday's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is an estimated $52 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $15 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

