Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - October 21, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

CAMERON MAN WINS $31,548 WITH CASH FIVE TICKET PURCHASED IN COPPERAS COVE
(AUSTIN, October 21) - (AUSTIN)--Bob Marsh of Cameron is a studious man. He studied 30-days-worth of Cash Five® numbers and determined what numbers might give him a better chance of winning the top prize. "I've looked at what numbers have been drawn the most and made a set of numbers from those to play," Marsh said. "I've been playing these now for the last four months and now they've worked." Marsh was at his computer checking his Cash Five numbers, when he realized his ticket had the same numbers that were on his screen. "I woke my wife and told her to look at the numbers, just so she could tell me I wasn't crazy," he said. "Well, she saw them and decided to call our kids on the phone and tell them what was happening. It was 1 a.m." "Finding out about winning money is news anyone will want to receive at any hour of the day or night," said Robert Tirloni, online products manager at the Texas Lottery. "And winning a top prize like this one ramps up a person's excitement level enough to make them forget what time it is." According to Marsh, he's an old hand at playing lottery games. "I've been playing the lottery since I first bought a ticket in Ohio in 1958," he said. "I decided to focus myself on Cash Five since I kept winning every week, even if it was only $2, $10, or $11. It's the game that wins for me. It won me $31,548." Marsh says he and his wife will pay off some bills and take a trip to a familiar destination. "I like going to Las Vegas," the retired civil servant said. "This prize will help us go one more time. And I'll continue to play Cash Five, too." Marsh purchased his ticket at the A-Stop 2nd Term, 2102 FM 116 South in Copperas Cove. The store is eligible to receive a bonus of one percent of the top prize for having sold the ticket that matched the numbers drawn. That comes to $315.48. Tonight's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is worth an estimated $108 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $9 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ... The Texas Lottery supports public education in Texas.

