FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, April 14, 2014 MEDIA CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131 mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

STATEMENT FROM THE TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION REGARDING PROPOSED BINGO RULE AMENDMENTS
Pull-tab bingo games are played with paper tickets and are not played electronically. The proposed rule amendments for the April 16 Commission meeting would not authorize electronic pull-tab bingo tickets or the play of pull-tab tickets on an electronic device. The proposed amendments would allow pull-tab bingo players, at their option, to utilize video confirmation to reveal the pull-tab ticket's outcome. Those players not wishing to utilize video confirmation may still determine if their pull-tab ticket is a winner by simply pulling the tab on the ticket.

Under the proposed amendments, all pull-tab tickets must still be constructed using paper materials and video confirmation must not be the exclusive method by which a pull-tab ticket's outcome can be revealed. Per the proposed amendment, all video confirmation methods must be approved by the Commission. Video confirmation for event pull-tab tickets has been authorized since July of 2007. The proposed amendments would merely expand the rule to allow video-confirmation for instant pull-tab tickets.

These proposed amendments would not authorize slot machines, and they include language to prohibit any video confirmation that simulates or displays rolling or spinning wheels, dice, or the play of casino-style games, including slot machines. The Commission recognizes that the authorization of slot machines and electronic gaming devices are policy decisions to be determined by the Legislature.

Bingo electronic card-minding devices were authorized by the Texas Legislature in the 1990's and have been utilized by licensed charitable organizations conducting bingo since that time. The proposed rule amendments are consistent with previous opinions issued by the Attorney General and consistent with current legislation.
###

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

