TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - June 13, 2001 Contact: Keith Elkins , 512.344.5210

TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION CONDUCTING CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION FOLLOWING OVERNIGHT'INTERNET HACKING' OF TEXAS CHARITABLE BINGO WEBSITE
(Austin, June 13) - Texas Lottery officials announced today that a criminal investigation is underway to determine who is responsible for hacking into the Texas Charitable Bingo Division's Internet website. "I have instructed my General Counsel to pursue the stiffest state and federal criminal charges allowed," said Linda Cloud, Executive Director of the Lottery Commission. "I intend to send a very strong and clear message to whomever is responsiblewhether individual or organized group-this type of activity will not be tolerated." According to Texas Charitable Bingo Director Billy Atkins, the www.txbingo.org website was hacked into sometime overnight on Tuesday. "Shortly after 8 a.m. this morning," Atkins said, "one of our employees discovered a graphic message, apparently left by the hackers, when attempting to access the Bingo Division's website. "It appeared to be some sort of graphic which stated the site had been "hacked by WOH (World-of-Hell.com)." The computer graphic, apparently referring to different computer operating systems, also said, 'Destroy your damn Windows and get Unix!' It is unclear at this time how the 'hackers' broke through extensive Internet firewall provided by Future Protocol Incorporated (FPI), the Texas Lottery's Internet provider. However, since FPI's Internet servers are housed at an off-site location, and operate on a stand-alone computer system, no internal lottery computer systems were affected. "At this point," according to Cloud, "our systems are secure. The integrity of our games has not been affected in any way. It's just unfortunate a criminal act such as this inconveniences so many of our Bingo and Lottery players who depend on our websites for game information." .... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org -30-

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=20212/14/2006 4:07:32 PM

