Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - August 26, 2005
Contact: Robert Elrod, 512-344-5436 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Lucy Strikes Again: Second I Love Lucy Top Prize Claimed In Lubbock In As Many Days

Nicholas Sanchez of Lubbock claimed one of the top prizes, $20,000, in the I Love Lucy scratch-off game.

(Austin, August 26) - The Texas Lottery's I Love Lucy scratch-off series is popular throughout the state, but apparently Lubbock holds a special place in Lucy's heart as Nicholas Sanchez's ticket was the second top-prize winner brought into the Lubbock Claim Center in as many days. Richard Moreno, also of Lubbock, claimed his $20,000 yesterday. "We were on our way home from our son's little league game last night when I decided to stop and pick up a couple of tickets for my wife," said Sanchez. "I saw her turn pale when

she scratched off the ticket and at first I was worried about her, but then she gave me the ticket to make sure she wasn't seeing things!" Sanchez said that up until yesterday, he didn't have a particular favorite Texas Lottery game, and the most he'd ever won before was $500. He said he and his wife plan to contribute some of their winnings to their church, pay some bills and make sure their son and daughter have an extra-special Christmas this year. "Two top-prize winning tickets in the same city in two days is pretty uncommon, but it just goes to show that you really never know when you're going to win," said Robert Tirloni, products manager for the Texas Lottery. "There are several top-prize tickets remaining for the I Love Lucy game, so there are plenty of opportunities for the rest of the state to share in the winning experience." Sanchez purchased his winning ticket at the EZ Mart #696 located at 6413 Frankford Ave. in Lubbock. In addition to the remaining $20,000 top prizes, the $2 I Love Lucy game also offers other cash prizes in amounts ranging from $2 to $2,000. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org.

