Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - March 29, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

With Lots Of Drive, $12,232 Cash Five® Winner Saving Prizes For Daughters' College Educations

Gregorio Rodriguez of Mesquite, winner of $12,232 in the March 24 Cash Five drawing.

(Austin, March 29) - Gregorio Rodriguez of Mesquite has been driving his truck and making deliveries across five southwestern states for the last 18 years. He's purchased lottery tickets in whatever states had them, and been saving his prizes for his daughters' college educations. With numbers he picked himself, Rodriguez added to their university fund by winning $12,232 in the March 24 Cash Five® drawing. "Even before the prize money gets spent, it's already guaranteed to be money wellspent," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "This isn't the first time Mr. Rodriguez has been to visit our Dallas Claim Center, either; a few months ago he won $10,000 playing Run The Table, and I'm sure that prize amount also went to fatten up the college fund for his three daughters." Rodriguez kept his own counsel and told no one about his win. "I just told myself," he said. "I found out about it this weekend when I picked up one of those print-outs that has all the winning numbers. All I need to know is that I'm saving this money." The Mesquite resident says he has no plans to buy anything for himself, just for his three daughters and their college time, unless, that is, somewhere down the road he needs to

invest in a new truck. When asked if he planned to treat himself to anything special, Rodriguez laughed and replied with a quick "No." Singular of purpose, the winner remembered as he was collecting his before-taxes prize of $12,232 that he had another scratch-off ticket on the dashboard of his truck that he believed had won him $100 and had to redeem it. "I'm leaving for Louisiana tomorrow," he said. "I don't want to have that ticket in the truck just waiting to be cashed. Right after I redeem it, I'm headed to the bank to put it all away." Rodriguez purchased his ticket at the Isha Food Mart Inc., 2501 Beltline Road, in Garland. Tonight's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is worth an estimated $63 million. Wednesday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $31 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery®, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery Commission supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

