Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - May 24, 2005
Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144

Player 'Cashes' In Favorite Game, Again!

Roberto Enamorado of Austin poses in front of the Austin Claim Center with his ceremonial check for $35,438.

(Austin, May 24) - Roberto Enamorado makes winning the Texas Lottery® Cash Five® look easy. He says it's his favorite game, and well it should be, since Enamorado has matched the five numbers for the top prize twice in less than two years. "I picked my own numbers, from past acquaintances' birthdays," said Enamorado. "I'm so happy. I bought a house with my winnings the first time I won. During one of the storms this past spring, I got hail damage on the roof. I can fix that with the winnings I got this time." Enamorado won more than $48,000 for a Cash Five drawing in October 2003. This time, he cashed in on a prize worth $35,438, before taxes. He purchased his winning ticket at the same retail location where his last winning ticket was bought - Stop N Go #2141, at 9433 Parkfield Drive in Austin. The retail owner is eligible to receive a bonus of $354.38

for selling the top-prize winning ticket. "It's always exciting meeting our many loyal Cash Five players," said Reagan E. Greer. "It's even more so when we get to see them over and over again! Congratulations to Mr. Enamorado, and we'll be seeing him again soon, I'm sure."

Bernadette Deleon of Del Valle, winner of a $30,000 prize for Barrel of Bucks instant ticket.

Enamorado wasn't the only winner presenting a ticket at the Texas Lottery Austin Claim Center. Bernadette Deleon of Del Valle purchased a $2 Barrel of Bucks instant ticket on her way home from work, and ended up detouring to the claim center to claim her cash prize of $30,000. "I just bought it. I always play after work," Deleon explained. "I'm still a little stunned." Deleon was with her mother, Pearl Ruiz, when she found she had won the instant ticket's top prize. "She started shaking and crying a little," Ruiz said. "In all the excitement, I haven't even scratched my tickets yet. I will before I leave, though." Besides the $30,000 top prize, Barrel of Bucks offers other cash prizes of $2 to $1,000.

Deleon bought her ticket at Quickie-Pickie, located at 13000 FM 812 in Del Valle. Tonight's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is worth an estimated $70 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ...

