Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - November 16, 2005
Contact: Robert Elrod, 512-344-5436 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Mississippi Winner Spells Financial Security WE-E-K-L-Y G-R-A-N-D

William F. Barber of Vicksburg, Mississippi claimed the 73rd Weekly Grand top prize, $1,000 a week for 20 years.

(Austin, November 16) - Whenever his job as a millwright for Union Local 1421 brings William F. Barber of Vicksburg, Mississippi to Texas, he likes to play the popular Texas Lottery® scratch-off game Break the Bank. However, while on his lunch break in Portland last week, the Circle K he stopped at was fresh out of his favorite game, so he bought a couple of Weekly Grand tickets instead. His first ticket was a $4 winner and the second made him the 73rd winner of the game's top prize ­ $1,000 a week for 20 years. "I was sitting in the truck eating some chicken and I thought I saw three "GRANDS", but I had to put on my glasses to make sure," said Barber. "When I saw that it really was a

winner, I just said 'yeah'!" Mr. Barber claimed his prize, which totals $1,040,000 before taxes, at Texas Lottery headquarters in Austin on Monday. "We know a lot of our scratch-off players are loyal to particular games, but it sure sounds like a change of pace paid off for Mr. Barber," said Bobby Heith, media relations director for the Texas Lottery. Barber says he's a regular scratch-off player whenever he's in Texas and had won as much as $200 or $300 on Break the Bank in the past. Barber says he and his wife don't plan any major lifestyle changes, but they do have a young grandson who might have a pretty special Christmas next month. "Winning this money is definitely exciting, but more than anything, it just means some extra security for our future," said Barber. "Hopefully, I'll be back at work next week." Barber purchased his $2 Weekly Grand winning ticket at the Circle K located at 1650 Wildcat Dr. in Portland. The retail owner is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling the winning ticket. Tonight's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $19 million. Friday's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is an estimated $12 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

