TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - May 18, 2001 Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144

TEXAS TWO STEP COUPLES DANCE THEIR WAY INTO LOTTERY HISTORY
(Pasadena, May 18) - Tonight, four lucky couples found themselves creating a little Texas Lottery history. No, they didn't win millions of dollars from the lottery, but they did participate in a promotional kickoff for the lottery's newest and hottest game, Texas Two Step. The couples danced their way to fame by participating in the Texas Two Step Dance Contest held at the Pasadena Strawberry Festival. "Thanks to everyone who made this event so much fun," said Texas Lottery Executive Director, Linda Cloud. "Everyone who participated in the Texas Two Step dance contest was wonderful and it was a difficult choice for our judges to decide who would take home the BIG prize." Janice Poe and Jay Arellano of La Porte won the Grand Prize for the dance contest. The couple will travel to Tampa, Florida, to see Brooks and Dunn perform in concert on June 16, 2001. The trip includes airfare, hotel and ground transportation, and two tickets to the country western performance. First Runners Up were Gail Russell of Houston and Rudy Rendon of Tomball. Russell and Rendon each received a pair of Justin lizard skin boots, a $250 gift certificate for Cavender's Boot City, and 25 scratch-off tickets from the Texas Lottery. Debbie Foree of Katy and Lee Barrow of Houston were Second Runners Up. Foree and Barrow each received a pair of Justin lizard skin boots, a $200 gift certificate from Cavender's Boot City and 15 scratch-off lottery tickets. The Texas Two Step dance contest Third Runner Up winners were Sara Hargett of Pasadena and Billy Anglan of Alvin. Hargett and Anglan each received a $150 gift certificate to Cavender's Boot City and 10 Texas Lottery scratch-off tickets. The Texas Two Step dance contest was conducted by the Texas Lottery Commission in conjunction with KILT radio station of Houston. The station randomly selected 20 couples, out of nearly 500, who tried to become the Texas Lottery's "Two-Steppin" pair of the night. The judges for the contest included Pasadena Mayor Pro Temp Leon Searcy, KILT DJ "Rowdy" Yates, and KTRK anchorman Don Nelson. "What a great way to start off a new game," said Cloud. "Four winners who prove the 'Games of Texas' truly are fun and exciting to play!" The winning numbers drawn for the first Texas Two Step drawing were: 09-10-22-13. The bonus ball number selected was: 01 Texas Two Step is drawn every Tuesday and Friday at 9:59 p.m. .... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org -30-

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=19512/14/2006 4:08:22 PM

