bv Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - April 15, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Clock Ticking On Laredo Lotto® Ticket Matching Five Of Six Numbers; Bilingual Parrot Likes Lottery
(Austin, April 15) - Laredoans and Nuevo Laredoans are encouraged to rummage through their old Lotto Texas® tickets. One ticket sold in Laredo matched five of the six numbers drawn on March 9 and the prize has not been claimed. "The clock is ticking on a ticket worth $25,002 from the March 9 Lotto Texas drawing," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "Players have 180 days from the day of the drawing to redeem their tickets." The Circle K #9656, 602 Washington, sold the ticket, which expires September 5, 2005. "Once you're done searching your old tickets, you can drop by the International Money Exchange at 114 ½ Convent Avenue to visit with Socrates, the African gray parrot who asks for Lottery tickets in English and Spanish," Greer said. "He's becoming something of an international celebrity for saying 'Quiero un Bingo, Quiero un Lotto.' (I want a Bingo ticket. I want a Lotto ticket). Not only that, it appears this parrot and his cohort may be on the verge of establishing a phone service of sorts." Socrates keeps company with another African gray parrot named Paco, who is evidently the strong, silent type. Martha Perez, owner of the International Money Exchange, says that even though Paco is a man of few words, he does have his charms. "He doesn't talk, but he likes to imitate a ringing phone, so sometimes I don't answer the phone because I think it's him trying to sound like a telephone. But Socrates, besides asking for Lottery tickets, also likes to pretend that he's answering the phone and says 'Bueno (Hello) and then 'Bueno Bye (Okay, Bye).'" Tonight's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is worth an estimated $144 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas jackpot is worth an estimated $41 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery

Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery Commission supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

