Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - January 19, 2005
Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144

News About Blanco Lottery Winner Travels Fast - Real Fast!
(Austin, January 19) - Charles Singleton didn't even make it back home from a San Antonio retailer before everyone in Blanco knew he had won a $60,000 prize from the Texas Lottery®. Singleton won his prize from the Texas Lottery DECK THE HALLS scratch off game. "The rumor had traveled to Blanco before I got there," said Singleton. "When I was in the store having them verify the ticket was a winner, some people from the area came in and overheard I had won. They saw my car, an old Blanco police car, and knew it was me." "Good news always travels fast. At least faster than a former Blanco police car," said Reagan E. Greer, executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "Congratulations to Mr. Singleton on his big win, and I'm sure there are a lot of folks in Blanco that wish him the same." The top cash prize for DECK THE HALLS is $60,000 and, as of today, there are still four top prizes left unclaimed. Other cash prizes for the $5 instant ticket are as follows: $5,000, $1,000, $500, $200, $100, $50, $20, $10 and $5. "I didn't even go into the store to buy that ticket," Singleton explained. "I was messing around with my 17-year-old son and taking my time pumping gas. When I went in to pay I asked for the $10 holiday ticket, but they were out of those. I went back to my truck to scratch the Deck the Halls ticket. "When he (the son) saw that I had won $60,000, he said, 'Hey there, pal.' I told him 'Uhuh, you wouldn't help pumping the gas." Singleton said he plans on sharing with his boy, but it was more fun giving him a hard time about it. He also plans to invest some of his winnings. Tonight's Lotto Texas jackpot drawing is worth an estimated $51 million. Currently, it is the largest single-state jackpot prize available in the United States. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery

Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ...

