Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - July 18, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

Dallas Resident Can Now Pay For Law School Thanks to Winning $250,000 In Mega MillionsTM

(Austin, July 18) - Robert W. Tanaka has been working double shifts at a restaurant in Plano so he can save enough money to go to law school. After today, paying for law school won't be quite so tough, since Tanaka collected a prize of $250,000 that he won in Friday's Mega MillionsTM drawing. It was during one of his breaks on Saturday that Tanaka found out that his ticket matched five numbers, minus the Mega ball. "I checked my numbers in The Dallas Morning News, and when I saw the numbers, I didn't think it was real," Tanaka said. "It was a surreal moment. On the way back to the restaurant, I stopped at a 7-Eleven to get a print-out of the numbers, and that made me think it could be real. It wasn't until I got to the claim center that I really believed it."

The ticket and the numbers in the newspaper swirled in Tanaka's head all weekend. "I didn't get much sleep on Saturday or Sunday," he said. "I thought that if it were real, then there was only one thing to do, and that's pay for law school. My family, the only ones I told about it, said the same thing; they told me not to blow it, to save it." In anticipation of visiting the Texas Lottery® Claim Center in Dallas on Monday morning, Tanaka made sure the ticket was always close by, or at least somewhere no one would think to find it. "I put the ticket in a plastic freezer bag and hid it in a drawer on the stand next to my bed," he said. "There's a lot of stuff in that drawer and it would be hard to find the ticket." The law-student-wannabe says when he's not working he's taking LSAT (Law School Admission Test) classes, as he plans to do this week on his days off. Tanaka says he doesn't play often, but the size of the last Friday's jackpot inspired him. "The jackpot was at $122 million, so that really got my attention," he said. "I don't play often, only when the jackpot gets really high." To celebrate his big win, Tanaka and his sister went to lunch today. "Nothing fancy, just lunch with my sister," he said. Tanaka purchased the ticket at Legacy Mart, 7200 Bishop Drive D #1, in Plano. Tonight's Texas Two Step® jackpot is worth an estimated $225,000. Tomorrow's Mega Millions jackpot is worth an estimated $145 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, visit please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

