Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - May 13, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Coahuila Lotto Texas® Player Collects $25,002 Prize Nearly Two Months After Winning

Alfonso Javier García Martinez of Torreón, Coahuíla, México, collecting his prize.

(Austin, May 13) - That 2nd-tier-prize of $25,002 from a Lotto Texas® ticket sold in Laredo two months ago finally stopped being an orphan a few days ago. Alfonso Javier García Martinez of Torreón, Coahuíla, México, at last collected his prize won in the March 9 drawing. García told Texas Lottery® Claim Center personnel in Laredo that he comes to Texas once a month for business and buys a variety of scratch-off and online tickets to last him until he has to return. "Texas Lottery tickets and our jackpots are popular far beyond the borders of the Lone Star," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "When our jackpots have reached the triple digits, we've been made aware by our retailers of players who come from as far away as Europe to buy tickets. It's no surprise to us, then, that the

winner came from interior México rather than one of the border towns." García's ticket matched five numbers minus the bonus ball. Those numbers were 7-2427-28-29, and the bonus number was 14. He told Laredo Lottery officials he expects to return someday to collect "el gordo," the jackpot prize in Lotto. García bought his ticket at the Circle K #9656, located at 602 Washington in downtown Laredo. Claimants have 180 from the date of the drawing to claim a prize. Unclaimed lottery prize funds revert to the state to be appropriated for medical education and other programs authorized by the Legislature. Tonight's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is worth an estimated $42 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas jackpot is worth an estimated $61 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery Commission supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

