Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - November 14, 2005
Contact: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

With An Estimated $310 Million On The Line, Tuesday's Mega MillionsTM Drawing Boasts Largest Jackpot In Texas Lottery® History
(Austin, November 14) - Since no tickets matched all five numbers plus the Mega Ball in Friday night's Mega MillionsTM drawing, the jackpot for Tuesday night's drawing will be an estimated $310 million, the largest in the history of the Texas Lottery®. "We've seen a lot of big jackpots in our 13-year history, but nothing quite like this," said Robert Tirloni, products manager for the Texas Lottery. "As always though, we want to encourage our players to play responsibly." The multistate Mega Millions game, which Texas joined in December 2003, holds the record for the largest jackpot in North American history. On May 9, 2000, the jackpot for The Big Game (now known as Mega Millions) reached $363 million. The largest previous prize Texas Lottery players vied for was a $290 million Mega Millions jackpot in June 2004. "There's a good chance this huge jackpot is going to bring in a lot of new Texas players to Mega Millions, but what some of them may not realize is that they could miss the jackpot and still win up to $1 million by purchasing the Megaplier," said Tirloni. For an extra dollar, the Megaplier option, available only in Texas, allows players to multiply their non-jackpot prize winnings two, three or four times. For example, if a player Megaplies and the Megaplier number is 4, a second-tier (5 of 5 numbers) prize increases from $250,000 to $1 million. Mega Millions players choose five numbers from 1 to 56, and one Mega Ball number from a second field of numbers from 1 to 46. Each play costs a dollar. Players must match the five numbers plus the Mega Ball to win the jackpot, which starts at $12 million and increases until it is won. The odds of winning the jackpot are approximately 1 in 176 million. The overall odds of winning any prize are approximately 1 in 40. Mega Millions is played in California, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Texas, Virginia and Washington.

In Texas, approximately 38 percent of Mega Millions sales and 44 percent of Megaplier sales are transferred to the state to support public education. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ... The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

