CHARITABLE BINGO News Release TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, June 23, 2014 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION APPOINTS ALFONSO ROYAL DIRECTOR OF CHARITABLE BINGO
(AUSTIN) ­ The Texas Lottery Commission's board has appointed Alfonso Royal as Director of the Charitable Bingo Operations Division, where he will oversee the agency's regulation of bingo effective July 7, 2014. In the interim, Debbie Parpounas will continue to serve as Acting Director. "I am confident that Mr. Royal is the right choice to lead the Charitable Bingo Division," said Texas Lottery Commission Chairman J. Winston Krause. "Mr. Royal brings extensive state government experience along with the strategic planning skills and business process experience that is necessary to lead the agency's Charitable Bingo Division." Royal is a former Budget and Policy Advisor in the Office of the Governor and has more than 24 years of experience in performing financial duties for non-profits, private businesses and municipal and state government. Prior to this appointment, Royal served as Finance Manager for the Cancer Prevention and Research Institute of Texas where he was responsible for the agency's $300 million annual budget. He previously held positions with the Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs, the Texas Youth Commission, the Legislative Budget Board and the Texas Department of Public Safety. Royal received a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting from Prairie View A&M University and is a graduate of the Governor's Executive Development Program at the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs, University of Texas at Austin and the 2010 Texas Fiscal Officers Academy. (more)

Charitable Bingo · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

Texas Lottery Commission Appoints Alfonso Royal to Director of Charitable Bingo/Page 2

The Commission also voted to offer the position of Deputy Director of the Charitable Bingo Operations Division to Parpounas.

About Charitable Bingo The Charitable Bingo Operations Division of the Texas Lottery Commission is charged with the strict control and close supervision of bingo conducted in Texas. Charitable Bingo provides authorized organizations the opportunity to raise funds for their charitable purposes by conducting bingo and determines that all charitable bingo funds are used for an authorized purpose and that bingo is conducted fairly. Charitable Bingo works to achieve voluntary compliance and assist licensees through training and education. For more information about charitable bingo, please visit the official Texas Charitable Bingo website at www.txbingo.org. ###

