FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, June 9, 2014 MEDIA CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131 mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

ON YOUR MARK, GET SET, GO! TEXAS LOTTERY LAUNCHES CIRCUIT OF THE AMERICASTM 10X SUPER FAST CASH SCRATCH-OFF GAME
(AUSTIN) ­ The Texas Lottery® and Circuit of The AmericasTM have teamed up for a third year to bring a new scratch-off game to Texas. With the new Circuit of The Americas 10X Super Fast Cash, players can win up to $100,000 instantly or enter promotional second-chance drawings for the opportunity to win a "Dream Experience Trip Package" valued at more than $52,000. The $5 game goes on sale today at Texas Lottery retail locations.

Win Instantly
Circuit of The Americas 10X Super Fast Cash offers more than $17 million in instant-win prizes, including five top prizes of $100,000. Instant prizes for the game range from $5 to $100,000. Circuit of The Americas 10X Super Fast Cash offers overall instant-win odds of one in 3.25, including break-even prizes.

Second Chance to Win
Players that don't win instantly have a second chance to win by entering their non-winning tickets in one of the four promotional second-chance drawings that will take place throughout the run of the game. The drawings offer 2,400 prizes including four "Dream Experience Trip Packages." Winners of the "Dream Experience Trip Package" and three of their guests will enjoy a VIP experience at a Circuit of The Americas event of their choice. Each Dream Experience Trip Package is valued at more than $52,000 and will include:       Luxury Trackside Motorhome Experience Merchandise Memorabilia Packages Premium food & non-alcoholic beverage catering package All-expense paid round-trip airfare to and from Austin $875 in cash for spending money. Luxury airport transfer

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

TEXAS LOTTERY LAUNCHES CIRCUIT OF THE AMERICAS

TM

SCRATCH-OFF GAME/Page 2

Social Media Contest
In conjunction with the launch of the game, the Texas Lottery will offer its Facebook fans additional opportunities to win prizes including VIP tickets and more.

About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $21 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $43 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $16 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. The Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball®, Mega Millions®, Lotto Texas®, All or NothingTM, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratchoffs. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org.

About Circuit of The Americas Circuit of The Americas (COTA) in Austin, Texas, is the home of world championships and a worldclass destination for premium sports and entertainment. COTA's marquee event, the FORMULA 1 UNITED STATES GRAND PRIX was awarded 2013 "Sports Event of the Year" by SportsBusiness Journal/Daily, and the same publication named the venue a finalist for 2014 "Sports Facility of the Year." Additionally, COTA is the new North American home for the summer edition of ESPN's X Games. More than one million visitors come to COTA each year for events such as MotoGPTM, the TUDOR United SportsCar Championship, the FIA World Endurance Championships, business and social functions, and more than 20 performances at the venue's acclaimed Austin360 Amphitheater, winner of Pollstar's "Best New Major Concert Venue" award for 2013. COTA's 1,500-acre campus includes a variety of permanent structures, including a 44,000-square foot Event Center, an impressive Main Grandstand with hospitality suites and the Velocity Lounge, a 270,000-square foot Paddock Building with 34 garages, and an iconic 25-story Observation Tower at the heart of the facility. For more information and downloadable video and photos, visit: www.CircuitofTheAmericas.com, www.Austin360Amphitheater.com or COTA's dedicated FTP site, media.circuitoftheamericas.com. Follow COTA on Facebook at www.facebook.com/CircuitofTheAmericas and Twitter @circuitamericas and @COTAmedia.

###

