TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - March 6, 2001 Contact: Kristina Childress, 512-344-5144

HELPFUL HINTS FOR GROUPS POOLING FOR A CHANCE AT THE $77 MILLION LOTTO TEXAS JACKPOT
(Austin, March 6) - Most everyone has dreams of what they would do if they won the lottery. This Wednesday's recordbreaking Lotto Texas jackpot, $77 million, is inspiring a lot of people to pitch in a dollar or so in the hopes of cashing in on those dreams. One way for people to attain instant millions is for office pools, or family and friends getting together to collectively take a shot at the Big One! In Texas Lottery history, there have been 23 groups who claimed a Lotto Texas jackpot. In fact, there were two winning groups who pooled their money for the second highest jackpot in lottery history in March 1994, for $75 million. "Office pools are popular among our lottery players" said Linda Cloud, Executive Director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "More people get involved than would normally because it gives everyone more chances to win." There are some rules for groups to know regarding buying and claiming a Lotto Texas jackpot. All funds collected for group play must be used to purchase tickets. "We also want to remind players, if a group of people buy a winning jackpot ticket, the Texas Lottery will only pay one claimant," Cloud said. "We encourage all players to seek legal and financial advice and to present - when claiming a prize - a legal document specifying the entity claiming the prize." "And please, everyone, play responsibly," Cloud added. The drawing for Wednesday's $77 million Lotto Texas jackpot will be at 9:59 p.m. .... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org -30-

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=17912/14/2006 4:11:10 PM

