Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - July 15, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

Big Celebration Dinner On Tap This Weekend For Family Of $20,000 SUPERCASH Winner

(Austin, July 15) - A store clerk's suggestion went a long way to planning a big dining-out experience this weekend for the family of Shwanna Peterson of San Antonio. Thanks to the clerk, Peterson bought one SUPERCASH ticket and won $20,000, cause to celebrate with a big eat-out. "I won $2 on a Lucky 7's ticket and decided to buy another ticket, and that's where the clerk's advice came in," Peterson said. "I went into the Sunglo on New Braunfels and asked the clerk on duty yesterday which ticket he thought would be good to buy. He suggested SUPERCASH. I scratched the ticket right there. When I saw that I'd won, I was ready to run down the street."

"What a great way to start the weekend, with a $20,000 payout and big dinner plans," said Texas Lottery Media Relations Director Bobby Heith. "Once again, a winner has proved that it takes only one ticket to win." The certified nurse's assistant says she called her aunt right away after she realized what she'd won. "I said, 'I got something to tell you and I'm coming right over,'" she told her aunt. "When I got there, my grandmother and everybody else there started screaming." Besides taking 13 members of her family out to dinner this weekend, she has other plans for her prize. "I'm going to buy a new car and also put some money away for my daughter in her savings account." Peterson said she was inspired to buy a Lottery ticket by a friend who called her Thursday morning to tell her that she'd won $500 on a scratch ticket. "I thought if she can win, I can, too," Peterson said. "And I did." She bought her SUPERCASH ticket at the Sunglo #8, 304 S. New Braunfels, in San Antonio. Tonight's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is worth an estimated $122 million. Tomorrow's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $23 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery®, visit please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

