Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - May 12, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

After Waiting Two Months, Dallas Woman Collects $5 Million Prize From Texas Lottery
(Austin, May 12) - María Vasquez of Dallas took home the top prize of $5,000 per week for 20 years in Set For Life, a scratch-off game from the Texas Lottery®. "Nobody at home believed me when I told them that I thought I had won this money," Vasquez said. "Then, I had some matters to attend to, including making my family believe I had won, so I couldn't get here, but now here I am and happy to collect my prize." Vasquez purchased two $10 tickets, each at different intervals. She scratched the first ticket in her car, and though it was not a winner, Vasquez was compelled to return to buy a second one as she was already leaving the Northwest Highway Chevron in Dallas. "I went to one store, bought the $10 ticket, and then I had to drive back to try again, I don't know why," Vasquez said. "I bought a second ticket, and then I had to ask the clerk to run it through the terminal to find out if I'd really won a prize. The terminal said the prize 'exceeded' what the store could pay." At home, she decided to go to another store to see if the terminal would say the same thing on another ticket that won her $1. It didn't. Another customer, who had won $20,000 the prior week, walked in the second store at that moment. He told her to visit the Texas Lottery Claim Center. "It's hard to know exactly what to do next when you're standing there looking at a ticket that's worth millions of dollars, and all the air around you seems electrified," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "And, clearly, Ms. Vasquez followed her intuition on buying a second ticket. Fortunately for her, the clerk identified a winner who walked in at the very moment that he needed to be there to give out necessary information on what to do and where to go to claim a prize." Vasquez said her plans for her prize include helping her family and getting settled in her

own home. "I'm going to pay for my daughter's college education and buy a home," she said. "I'm going to help out my family, too, because they've helped me. My daughter will need a car, too, when she's 17 and can drive." Her 16-year-old daughter, Michelle, has just graduated high school and plans to attend North Texas State University. She will major in education. Vasquez said she also plans to help out her niece, a University of Texas at El Paso graduate who wants to study law at UT-Austin. "This is wonderful," Greer said. "Using part of a jackpot to further the educations of sons, daughters, nieces, nephews and anyone else fits right in with our mission at the Texas Lottery. Approximately 30 cents out of every dollar spent on a Texas Lottery ticket goes to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education." The top prize in this game does not exceed $5 million. The store is located at 2332 Northwest Highway in Dallas and is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling a top-prize-winning ticket. Tonight's Texas Two Step® jackpot is worth $200,000. Friday's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is worth an estimated $42 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $61 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery Commission supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

