Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - September 16, 2005
Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144

Universal City Housewife Trades One Texas Lottery® Game For Another; Collects $375,012
(Austin, September 16) - Longtime Universal City resident Tess Capes, says she used to play Lotto Texas® fairly frequently, but decided to try her luck with the Texas Two Step® game for a while. Her luck and decision netted her $375,000, the jackpot amount, and a $12 prize, as well, for the Thursday, September 8 drawing. "I started playing Texas Two Step about 99 weeks ago," said Capes. "My husband was watching KSAT last Thursday evening, and when the numbers starting coming up on the screen, he was there checking the ticket. He saw the seven, then the 20, then the five, and realized we had all the numbers. He came into the bedroom and said, 'I don't know if I should wake you up or not, but we matched all the numbers. "It wasn't possible to go back to sleep after that," she said. Capes told lottery officials she purchases all her Texas Two Step tickets at the same retailer every time. The Big Diamond #1 store at 702 Pat Booker Road in Universal City sold Capes her five-of-five matching ticket, and the retail owner is eligible to receive a bonus of $3,750. "We're going to pay off our credit cards and go to Las Vegas," Capes said. "Obviously, we're not taking all the money with us." The numbers for last Thursday night's drawing were: 20 - 5 - 12 - 8 and the Bonus Ball number was 7. "Our players have really good odds of winning a prize with the Texas Two Step game," said Robert Tirloni, products manager for the Texas Lottery Commission. "Out of all three Texas Lottery jackpot-styled games, the odds of winning the Texas Two Step jackpot are 1 in 1.8 million and overall odds of winning any prize are 1 in 32. The game has a lot of loyal players because of those odds, so it wasn't surprising to hear that Mrs. Capes said she already has her ticket for next Monday's Texas Two Step drawing." For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

... The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

