FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wed., July 30, 2014 MEDIA CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131 mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

NEW DALLAS COWBOYS SCRATCH-OFF GAME AVAILABLE AT TEXAS LOTTERY® RETAILERS
(AUSTIN) ­ The Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game from the Texas Lottery® is back with more than $30 million in instant prizes including 12 top prizes of $100,000 and a new second-chance prize. This game now offers the opportunity to attend Cowboys training camp. "We are thrilled to be moving into our sixth year as partners with the Texas Lottery," said Jerry Jones, Owner and General Manager of the Dallas Cowboys. "Beyond the great cash prizes, this game gives our fans some very exclusive ways to connect with the team through the second-chance prize drawings. It has also been rewarding to know this partnership has generated millions of dollars for education here in Texas."

To date, the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game has resulted in $209 million in sales with $142 million in prizes awarded to winners.

Players that do not win instantly can enter their tickets into any of the five promotional secondchance drawings to be held throughout the run of the game. There will be 947 prizes awarded in each of the second-chance drawings. "The promotional second-chance drawings offered by the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game provide a unique playing experience and the chance for fans to win once-in-a-lifetime opportunities," said Gary Grief, executive director of the Texas Lottery.

The promotional second-chance drawing prizes include:  The Dallas Cowboys "Wild Weekend" package for 20, which features a suite at a Dallas Cowboys home game, private tours of Valley Ranch and AT&T Stadium, a pre-game party, travel and hotel accommodations. Total prize value: $66,665  The opportunity to go inside the War Room on Draft Day with Jerry Jones for an inside look at draft player evaluation and strategies, VIP passes to the Dallas Cowboys Draft (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

New Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game/page 2 Party (includes travel on the Dallas Cowboys luxury bus) and a meet and greet with a former player. Total prize value: $66,665  Winners of the Training Camp package will be able to attend the Dallas Cowboys Training Camp and watch the team practice with a former Cowboys player. The package includes a private tour of the training facility, roundtrip travel to Oxnard, California and hotel accommodations. Total prize value: $9,998.33    Pair of season tickets for the next complete season of home games. Total prize value: $13,331.67 Autographed authentic jerseys from star Dallas Cowboys players. Total prize value: $475 $100 Dallas Cowboys gift cards to be redeemed at the Dallas Cowboys Official Pro Shops or online at dallascowboys.com.

About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $22 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $44 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $16 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. The Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball®, Mega Millions®, Lotto Texas®, All or NothingTM, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org.

###

