FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wed., July 30, 2014 MEDIA CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131 mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

NEW HOUSTON TEXANS SCRATCH-OFF GAME NOW AVAILABLE AT TEXAS LOTTERY® RETAILERS
(AUSTIN) ­ The newest version of the Houston Texans scratch-off game from the Texas Lottery® is back with eight instant-win top prizes of $100,000 and new second-chance prizes. This year the game will offer the opportunity to win luxury suite tickets and VIP pregame sideline passes to a Houston Texans game, as well as the chance to compete in an on-field contest.

"The new prizes associated with the Houston Texans scratch-off game in 2014 give winners the opportunity to experience a Houston Texans gameday in a luxury suite and the chance to win $1 million, among other fantastic prizes," said Texans President Jamey Rootes. "We are also proud to support education throughout the state of Texas through the Foundation School Fund." Players that do not win one of the game's instant prizes may enter their tickets into any of the five promotional second-chance drawings to be held throughout the run of the game. There will be 224 prizes awarded in each of the drawings. The promotional second-chance drawing prizes are:  Suite & On-Field Contest Experience ­ Winner and three guests will receive luxury suite tickets and VIP sideline passes to one home game, hotel accommodations and transportation, a stadium tour and the chance for the winner to compete in an on-field contest with chances to win prizes of $100,000 and $1 million. Total prize value: $65,138  Private Plane Away Game Trip, Owner for a Day ­ Prize package includes round-trip travel by private plane to an away game, hotel accommodations, police escort to game, suite tickets, pregame sideline access, opportunity to meet the team's executives and more. Total prize value: $66,025  VIP Texans Season Tickets Package for 2 Years ­ Prize package includes two sets of season tickets for the next two complete seasons of Texans home games, VIP sideline passes to one game and a private "Meet & Greet" party with a Houston Texans player at the GO TEXANS store inside NRG Stadium. Total prize value: $4,790 (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

New Houston Texans scratch-off game/page 2  Autographed authentic jersey from a Texans star player. Total prize value: $475

"To date, the Houston Texans scratch-off games have resulted in $114.8 million in sales with $77.5 million in prizes awarded to winners," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Gary Grief. The $5 game offers more than $19 million in total prizes. This is the sixth version of the game.

About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $22 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $44 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $16 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. The Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball®, Mega Millions®, Lotto Texas®, All or NothingTM, Texas Two Step®, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org.

About the Houston Texans The city of Houston was awarded the National Football League's 32nd franchise on October 6, 1999 thanks to an effort spearheaded by local businessman Robert C. McNair; and on September 8, 2002, the Houston Texans made their regular-season debut, returning the NFL to Houston after a five-year absence. That night, the Texans became the first expansion team in NFL history to win its debut game, defeating the Dallas Cowboys 19-10. The Texans play at Reliant Stadium, the first retractable-roof stadium in the NFL, and home to the largest instadium HD video displays in the world. The Texans have sold out every game at the stadium in franchise history. The Houston Texans are the two-time defending AFC South division champions; and in 2013, the Texans were named the 13th most valuable sports franchise in the world and the 5th most valuable NFL franchise by Forbes magazine with an estimated value of $1.3 billion.

###

