TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - February 13, 2001 Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

EIGHT IS ENOUGH, UNLESS IT TURNS OUT TO BE THE $40 MILLION LOTTO TEXAS JACKPOT
(Austin, February 13) - Eight would have been enough for Frank Ramirez, eight million dollars, that is, but he won the big enchilada, the $40 million Lotto Texas jackpot on January 6th. "I've told my family in the last few years that I thought I would win big someday," Ramirez said. "I never thought beyond winning eight million dollars, though. That was enough." Today, FAR Management Trust, Dorothy Ramirez and Mary Alice Martinez, co-trustees, received a check in the amount of $22,637,040.00. He was getting ready to go to work Sunday morning for a clock-in time of 6:30 a.m. when he searched for the winning numbers in the El Paso Times. "I thought que padre (how great), someone in my town won," Ramirez said. "I thought I might even know them because Clint only has about a thousand people. I went to check my numbers never thinking I was the one." Ramirez said he felt his spine tingle when he saw one of his numbers in the paper. "I felt the same thing as when I won $50,200 in Cash 5 several years ago," he said. "My whole body kind of tingled even before I saw the rest of the numbers. I knew then that I had won." Ramirez woke his wife, Amelia. Irate disbelief was her first emotion. "She told me I was crazy and asked me why I woke her up since it was so cold," Ramirez said. "Then I woke up Dorothy, my daughter, and she didn't believe me either, not until they both saw the ticket and the numbers in the paper. They were so happy, but the jackpot amount made them both nervous." Ramirez maintained his cool at work and told almost no one. The word got out, though, because the owner of the store where he purchased the ticket recognized him. And someone at his workplace also pointed him out to a member of the media after a few days. In fact, there was so much traffic in his neighborhood from people who wanted to catch a glimpse of him that he covered the numbers of his address on the front of his house with duct tape. The mayor of Clint also helped out by having the street signs on his block removed. The week after he won, there was a run on the sale of avocados at the store where Ramirez is employed. Folks were trying to run into the Lotto winner from Clint. Since then, his neighbors and friends have congratulated him, all wanting to know the same thing: what's Ramirez going to do with his big prize? "When I won the Cash 5 prize, I paid for the house I live in," he said. "I've taken some time off from work to take care of things here at the house. And I've had a chain link fence put up, but that's as far as I've thought in terms of spending money. I want to live calmly, and maybe I'll spend money on a new car and fix up my house a little more. I also plan to help family members."

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=171 (1 of 2)12/14/2006 4:12:44 PM

TxLottery: News Release

Dorothy Ramirez, 31, is a newly retired public school teacher. Her life won't change much, she says, except that she'll be able to watch over her parents and her grandmother more closely every day. She has taught in El Paso public schools and has also coached soccer, basketball and track. Ramirez is currently on leave from his job as a produce clerk at Smith Food and Drugs in Ysleta. He thinks he may quit eventually. He was born in Torreón, Coahuíla, México, and came to this country with his parents when he was four years old. Ramirez is 59 years old. His wife is 56. The winner purchased $5-worth of Lotto tickets on Friday, along with two Texas Million tickets and five Cash 5 chances at the Good Times Store #18, 12901 Alameda, in Clint. One of the Texas Million tickets brought Ramirez a prize of $10. The retailer is eligible to receive a one-percent bonus of the jackpot prize for selling a winning ticket. For this draw, the retailer prize is $400,000. The winning Lotto numbers were 40-35-54-38-17-14. The winning ticket was a Quick Pick. Wednesday's Lotto Texas jackpot is an estimated $18 million. .... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org -30-

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=171 (2 of 2)12/14/2006 4:12:44 PM

