Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - April 11, 2005
Contact: Robert Elrod, 512-344-5436 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

MegaplierTM Pays Off For Two Texas Mega MillionsTM Players, Tuesday's Jackpot An Estimated $120 Million!
(Austin, April 11) - Three tickets sold for last Friday's Mega MillionsTM drawing matched five of five numbers, good for $175,000, but two of those buyers also purchased the MegaplierTM option, bringing the value of their tickets up to $700,000! In the same drawing, seven tickets were sold that matched four of five numbers plus the Mega Ball, good enough for $5,000 each. The buyer of one of those tickets also Megaplied, which raised the winning value to $20,000! Overall, more than 64,000 winning tickets, worth over $2 million, were sold in Texas. "The Mega Millions excitement continues to build," said Reagan E. Greer, executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "Congratulations to all of our players who are holding winning Mega Millions tickets." Since no tickets matched all five numbers plus the Mega Ball in Friday's drawing, Tuesday night's Mega Millions jackpot will be worth an estimated $120 million. "The next jackpot will be the largest we've seen in the Mega Millions game since a $112 million jackpot on March 1. Incidentally, the winning ticket for that drawing was purchased in Rowlett, Texas," said Greer. "I know Friday's jackpot and Wednesday's estimated $39 million Lotto Texas jackpot are awfully tempting, but I want to remind all of our players that it only takes one ticket to win, so please remember to play responsibly!" Mega Millions players choose five numbers from 1 to 52, and one Mega Ball number from a second field of numbers from 1 to 52. Each play costs a dollar. Players must match the five numbers plus the Mega Ball to win the jackpot, which starts at $10 million and increases until it is won. For an extra dollar, the Megaplier option, available only in Texas, allows players to multiply their non-grand/jackpot prize winnings two, three or four times by matching one additional number. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org.

... The Texas Lottery supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

