Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - August 12, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

New Truck, Bigger Pasture For Horses For Whitney Winner Of $387,000 In Texas Two Step®
(AUSTIN, August 12) - Everybody in Rebecca Critz-Price's family, from hubby to mom to the kids to the five horses, will benefit from the Whitney resident's $387,000 prize that she won playing Texas Two Step® Monday. "We're getting a new truck for my husband so we can pull the horses, and they're getting a bigger pasture now that we can finish fencing off our property," Critz-Price said. "My kids also are going to have a good time getting ready to go back to school this week and I'm planning to take them to Disneyworld, too. Mom's getting a trip to Vegas." Critz-Price purchased three Quick Pick tickets at Mr. G's Quick Stop, 608 Jefferson in Whitney, where she works. One of her co-workers checked her tickets for her with a printout of the numbers. "At first, he said I'd won $5, then he said $20, and then he said 'Oh my God, you won,'" Critz-Price said. "I told him to quit lying. When he showed me the ticket, I thought I was going to faint." Critz-Price quickly called her mother and told her the news. "She said my co-workers were playing a joke on me," she said. "But when I got home and showed her the ticket, she went to the Lottery homepage and saw that it was true. Neither one of us got any sleep Monday night." "There's nothing like winning a big prize to make you stay up all night," said Products Manager Robert Tirloni. "But what better reason is there to lose sleep than the excitement of knowing you've just won a big lottery prize?" Critz-Price said she had an inkling she might win something soon playing the Lottery. "One week ago, I dreamt I won $777, which, with a few more zeroes, is about the amount of the jackpot advertised for the game for Monday night," she said. "So I knew I

had to buy some tickets." One of the tickets she purchased not only turned out to match all the numbers that were drawn for that night, it also matched significant numbers in Critz-Price's life. "Keep in mind that these were all Quick Picks," she said. "The ticket that got me the prize had my birthday month (2), my husband's birthday (16), the day we met (21), my birthday (28) and our anniversary (25)." The new winner said while she and her family have a lot to think about in terms of how to take care of their prize, this weekend is already taken up by an important event. "My youngest daughter, who is four, is in the rodeo this weekend," she said. "She'll be mutton-busting, and we're all going to be there." Mr. G's Quick Stop is eligible to receive a bonus of one percent of the prize for selling the ticket that matched the numbers drawn. That comes to $3,870. Critz-Price's jackpot prize was one of two for Monday's Texas Two Step drawing. The second ticket that matched the numbers drawn was sold in Byers. Tonight's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is worth an estimated $51 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $37 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, visit please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org.

