Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - August 11, 2005
Contact: Robert Elrod, 512-344-5436 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Arlington Mega MillionsTM Player First In Texas To MegaplyTM Winnings Up To $1 Million

Larry L. Walcott, left, of Arlington accepts his $1,000,000 ceremonial check from Robert Tirloni, products manager for the Texas Lottery.

(Austin, August 11) - Larry L. Walcott of Arlington has been playing Texas Lottery® games for more than a decade and his diligence paid off when one of his tickets matched five of five numbers in the July 29 Mega MillionsTM drawing. That would have been worth $250,000 alone, but Walcott also Megaplied, and since the MegaplierTM number for the drawing was 4, that $250,000 turned into a cool $1 million before taxes! "My wife thought I was just fooling around when I told her the ticket matched five numbers," said Walcott. "I'd chosen the Cash Value Option on the ticket, so at the time, I

figured I'd end up with about $500,000, which I'd have been more than happy with!" What Walcott soon learned however, was that the Cash Value Option only applies to the jackpot prize, and that he would indeed receive the full $1 million. In fact, Walcott became the first Texas Mega Millions player to win $1 million by matching five of five numbers and Megaplying his ticket since lower-tier prize amounts increased when the California Lottery joined the 12-state game in June. "My wife called the lottery and they told her I'd get the whole thing," said Walcott. "She was crying like a baby when she told me and I just said, 'holy mackerel, I'm glad I bought the Megaplier.'" Walcott said that prior to his recent big win, the most he ever won was $3,000 on the Break the Bank scratch-off game. Walcott also said that he and his wife Kathy plan to use the winnings to pay off some bills, help their family members out, and set aside a big chunk for a new house. "People asked me if I was going to get a financial planner, and I just said, 'man, I've been planning for this for years,'" said Walcott. "I've already promised Kathy a new car, but other than that we're not going to rush into anything." Walcott purchased his ticket at the QuikTrip #854 located at 3532 Matlock Rd. in Arlington. "Mr. Walcott is part of Texas Lottery history," said Robert Tirloni, products manager for the Texas Lottery. "He may be the first Megaplier millionaire, but hopefully he won't be the last." Mega Millions players choose five numbers from 1 to 56, and one Mega Ball number from a second field of numbers from 1 to 46. Each play costs a dollar. Players must match the five numbers plus the Mega Ball to win the jackpot. For an extra dollar, the Megaplier option, available only in Texas, allows players to multiply their non-grand/jackpot prize winnings two, three or four times. Friday's Mega Millions jackpot will be worth an estimated $51 million and Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot will be worth an estimated $37 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org.

