Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - June 15, 2005
Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144

Come Rain, Sleet, Snow Or Sunshine! Nothing Can Stop Fort Worth Partnership Claiming Lotto Texas® Jackpot Prize
(Austin, June 15) - There was nothing but clear skies for the five partners of the Lucky Postal 5 Partnership today as they were presented a ceremonial check in the amount of $41,425,071, the Cash Value Option amount for the Lotto Texas® $66 million jackpot drawn Saturday, May 21. "We've been playing for the last year, ever since we heard about the winning group from the General Motors plant in Arlington. We each put in $10 every two weeks, and research which Lotto Texas numbers have come up more than three times in drawings for the last three months," said Shirley Stephens, Managing Partner of the Lucky Postal 5 Partnership. After realizing they might hold a jackpot winning ticket and needing advice, Stephens and another member of the postal partnership called the GM plant looking for someone from the Luckiest GM 9 Partnership. "I checked my set of numbers Sunday morning, because I saw from one of the billboards the jackpot had been won," Stephens said. "I started seeing the numbers match. I was overwhelmed. I tried calling my daughter, I woke my son, the dog starting barking, everything was crazy." Stephens contacted her co-workers and fellow Lotto players, Barbara Harmon and Christopher Slater to tell them the good news. She had to wait until going to work in the evening to tell the others, Isiaac Brown and Marian Armstrong. "Isiaac couldn't even remember his own phone number to call his wife and tell her the news," Stephens said. "We often hear how overwhelming and chaotic it can be if you believe you might be a Texas Lottery winner," said Reagan E. Greer, executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "It's a special day when a winner gets to claim a Lotto Texas jackpot and even more so when several players get to share in the winning experience. Congratulations to the Lucky Postal 5 Partnership, and I'm happy to present a ceremonial

check for their Lotto Texas jackpot win in the amount of $41,425,071." The ticket was purchased at Sack 'N Save #219, located at 6537 NE Loop 820 in North Richland Hills. The retail owner is eligible for a bonus of $500,000 for selling the six-of-six matching ticket. The numbers drawn for the May 21 Lotto Texas drawing were: 18 - 40 - 12 - 39 - 29 and the Bonus Ball number was 44. Tonight's Lotto Texas jackpot is worth an estimated $9 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery Commission supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

