Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - March 17, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Winning Hand Keeps Lottery Player In Her Paces

Janice Bradford of Killeen, winner of the $100,000 Winning Hand top prize.

(Austin, March 17) - Janice Bradford of Killeen paced her hall late one night last week knowing she was holding a Winning Hand, literally. The Texas Lottery® scratch ticket was worth $100,000, she believed. "I had to know for sure what I had, so I went back to Mickey's, where I bought the ticket," Bradford said. "But it was after midnight, so the terminal was turned off." The Texas Lottery turns off its terminals at midnight, so no sales can occur until 6 a.m. the next day. That also means no scratch tickets can be run through the machine to determine if they carry a prize. "Thinking you've got a Winning Hand worth $100,000 will keep anybody up, even in this case when it was a Lottery ticket, said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "Our prizes create excitement for our players, no matter at what level

they win, it seems, whether it's $300 or $19,000, or $100,000." Bradford said it was well after midnight when she returned home. There was no going to sleep, once home. "I stayed up," she said. "I kept pacing and then one of my sons said, 'Mom, now I can't sleep, either.'" She didn't waste any time coming to the Austin Claim Center at Lottery headquarters to claim her prize the next morning. Once she claimed her prize, she went to the bank, got some cash, returned home and picked up her sons. They are in Lake Charles, Louisiana, this week on Spring Break. Bradford said when she came back from Spring Break with her sons, she'd be working on using some of her prize. "I'm going to fix my mother's car, do my taxes and give my kids some money," she said. "Then I'm going to buy myself some clothes and save the rest." "Thanks to the Texas Lottery, some of our players have been making their own fun while Spring Break has been going on," Greer said. "That's certainly the case for Janice Bradford." Bradford purchased her ticket at Mickey's Convenience Store, 4808 Westcliff, in Killeen. Tonight's Texas Two Step® is worth $600,000. Tomorrow night's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is worth an estimated $36 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $25 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery Commission supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

