Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - May 5, 2005
Contact: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Belton Man Spots Unknown Texas Lottery Ticket, Takes Home a Load of Texas Cash

(Austin, May 5) - Belton resident Ken Bates was moved to buy a Texas Lottery® Texas Cash ticket simply because he had not seen it before. And it was a good thing he did, too, because it made him $50,000 richer. "I went in to buy a soda and some other things and that's when I saw the red, white and blue ticket, so I bought one," Bates said. "It's just that simple. And then I scratched it and could not believe what I was seeing." Bates purchased his one ticket at the Cefco Food Store #53, 1328 West Avenue D. "I made sure to go to another store owned by a friend of mine so he could tell me if the ticket really did win the big prize," he said. "He ran it through the machine and the screen said that it exceeded the amount the store could pay. I made sure to get to the Lottery before it closed today." "Sometimes your intuition tells you what ticket you should buy," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "In this case, Mr. Bates was tuned into

his inner lottery player and made the choice that brought him $50,000. And he proved that all it takes is one ticket to win, and win big, too." Bates says he has no big plans for his prize. "I live on Lake Belton, so I don't need to buy a new car," he said. "Also, I'm selfemployed, so the best thing to do is put it away and hang on to it." After he collected his prize, Bates said he was going to do one thing to cap off his exciting day. "I'm going straight home to take my heart medicine," he said. Bates collected the first top prize to be awarded in this new game from the Lottery. Tonight's Texas Two Step® jackpot is worth $200,000. Friday night's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is worth an estimated $26 million. Saturday's Lotto Texas® jackpot is worth an estimated $56 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org ... The Texas Lottery Commission supports public education by contributing to the Foundation School Fund.

