TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - April 12, 2004 Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Commissioners Vote To Amend Rule For Texas Lottery® Texas Two Step® Game
(Austin, April 12) - Today, the three members of the Texas Lottery Commission voted to give the Executive Director flexibility to change the drawing schedule and draw days of the Texas Lottery® Texas Two Step® game, without first undergoing a rule change. The amendment requires the Executive Director to provide advance notice to the public prior to changing the drawing schedule. "We have been monitoring the progress of our Texas Two Step on-line game since the lottery joined Mega Millions in December," said Greer. "We've seen the game undergo a decline in sales due in large part because it competes with a multimillion dollar jackpot game on the same nights. I believe today's action by the Commissioners allows the Executive Director to pursue the best business practice for the Texas Lottery and ensures continued success for the Texas Two Step game. "Based on this action, I'm announcing a change in the draw days. Effective Saturday, June 26, 2004, the new draw days for the Two Step game will be Mondays and Thursdays," Greer added. The purpose of the amendment is to change the draw days more quickly than the Commission could if an amendment to the rule for such change were required. Essentially this amendment gives the Executive Director the discretion to effect a change in the draw days for Texas Two Step sooner than if a rule change had to occur prior to changing the draw days. "In an effort to inform our players about the change in the drawing schedule, we'll be updating our outdoor billboards with the new draw days, as well as our official Web site. Retailers will receive messages through their lottery terminals about the change," Greer said. The last drawing for Texas Two Step under its current schedule is June 25. The first Monday night drawing for the jackpot game will be June 28 and the first Thursday night drawing will occur on July 1. The new Monday and Thursday night lineups for Texas Lottery drawings will then feature Texas Two Step, Cash FiveTM and Pick 3TM. "Nothing else about the game will change," Greer explained. "Players will still choose four numbers from a field of 35 and a Bonus Ball number from a second field of 35. The cost is still one dollar to play, and the Multi-draw feature remains the same." Tuesday's Texas Two Step jackpot is worth $725,000. The Mega MillionsTM jackpot is worth an estimated $10 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www. txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=61312/11/2006 1:31:14 PM

