TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - April 26, 2003 Contact: Sylvia Womble-Saenz, 512-344-5216 Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

They Kept Truckin' For Texas Two StepTM

The people holding the ceremonial check are Anthony Willborn and Joel Martinez (members of FJRA Partners), Rene Zuniga (managing general partner of FJRA Partners) and Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan Greer.

(Austin, April 26) - Three months ago, Joel Martinez never thought running out of change for the vending machine would lead to winning the $1 million prize for the Texas Two Step drawing held on April 15. But that's exactly what happened. FJRA Partners, the partnership that includes Martinez and his three trucker friends, claimed the Texas Lottery jackpot prize on Tuesday, April 22, at the Texas Lottery Commission headquarters in Austin. The jackpot-winning ticket was a Quick Pick and paid a lump sum of $1 million, before taxes. "It just kind of snowballed," said Rene Zuniga, managing general partner for FJRA Partners. "Joel needed some change to get a soft drink at the truck terminal, and I said I would give it to him if I got to go in half on his Texas Two Step lottery ticket that he had just bought. Before we knew it, our friend Francisco Cruz also wanted to pitch in as a third part of the group." The three truck drivers for a San Antonio freight delivery company watched that evening's Texas Two Step drawing and didn't win a prize. That didn't stop them. They invited another friend from work, Anthony Willborn, to become the fourth member of their group for the Friday night drawing. "We've been buying four tickets, one each, for each Texas Two Step and Lotto Texas drawing, and three months later, it paid off," explained Zuniga. "Playing as a group in the Texas Lottery drawings is a lot of fun for some people," said Reagan Greer, Executive Director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "We see friends, co-workers, veteran post members, and families sharing a bond when they pool together to buy tickets for drawings." The four truck drivers bought tickets at different locations in Texas while on their routes. The winning ticket was purchased at the Diamond Shamrock Corner Store #1029, located at 4902 E. Houston in San Antonio. The convenience store is owned by Valero Energy Corporation and is eligible for a $10,000 retailer bonus.

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=441 (1 of 2)12/12/2006 11:13:15 AM

TxLottery: News Release

"Here at Valero, we're very excited to see our customers win in the Texas Two Step game," said Valero Energy Zone Manager Dave Mock. "In addition, we're also excited that our employees will also get to share in the winnings as we continue as a Texas Lottery outlet." The winning numbers were: 20 - 29 - 23 - 26. The Bonus Ball was 27. The four agree that they want to spend their money on family and children. "The most important thing I'm going to do is sell my house, so that I can move closer to my Dad, who is currently battling cancer," said Willborn. "I want to be there to help him. We may also trade in our car for something bigger so all three of my children can ride in comfort on trips." "My wife, Angie, and I plan to pay off my daughter's future college education," said Zuniga. "I also want to take care of some home improvement projects that we had been planning for the last several months, and also give a little to my church, St. Peter the Fisherman Catholic Church." Martinez said, "With my share of the prize money, I'm going to take care of my kids' college education, pay off both of my trucks and buy a house. I'll be debt free and that's a great feeling." Cruz has already visited with a financial advisor and also plans on taking care of his children's future college education. Tonight's Lotto Texas jackpot is worth an estimated $4 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www. txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=441 (2 of 2)12/12/2006 11:13:15 AM

