TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - April 25, 2002 Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208,

Texas Lottery Commission Sponsors Mentor Protege Pairs
(Austin, April 25) - - Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Linda Cloud today signed Mentor Protégé Sponsorship Agreements that pair prime contractors with Historically Underutilized Businesses (HUBs) to help them develop professionally. "The Mentor Protégé program was created to give HUBs the kind of professional guidance that will help their businesses grow and help them sort through the rules that enable them to contract with state government," said Cloud. "The Texas Lottery is very pleased to be at the forefront of the effort to assist HUBs to be more competitive in winning state contracts." Seven pairs have finalized written Mentor Protégé agreements to work together. They are GTECH Corporation with DS3 Computing Solutions and Just Off the Square Printing; Scientific Games with 4D Productions and Liberty Ink; Fogarty Klein Monroe with Maximum Exposure Marketing, N8 Solutions and Packaging, Printing and Promotions. Participation in the program is voluntary by both parties, and a contract opportunity is not required. Every state agency with a biennial appropriation that exceeds $10 million is mandated to implement a Mentor Protégé program. Robert Hall, director of the Lottery's Minority Development Services Division, said the agency has made an aggressive effort to bring its prime vendors and HUBs to the table to develop new partnerships, which will enhance their opportunities for contracts with the state. "We're pleased with the efforts of our Commission, prime vendors and the HUB protégés, but we will continue to build on what we've done to maximize opportunities for HUBs and minority-owned businesses." The Lottery Commission's Mentor Protégé Program is an ongoing effort, and opportunities to develop new Mentor Protégé relationships will be considered.

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=29112/13/2006 8:53:17 AM

