TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - April 1, 2004 Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208 Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144

No Foolin' - Cash Five® Winner Splits Prize With Lottery Pal
(Austin, April 1) - Amir Charaniya of Euless had the only matching ticket for last Friday's Cash FiveTM drawing. On Wednesday, when he claimed his top prize of $42,133 from the Texas Lottery® Claim Center in Dallas, he told lottery officials that he plans to split his prize with a friend. "We have been playing together for a long time, and we've won smaller prizes lots of times," Charaniya said. "But it was never anything like this." Charaniya says his Lottery buddy works practically next door to his place of employment and that they regularly buy tickets together. "The friends who play together win together, you could say," said Reagan E. Greer, Executive Director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "This isn't the first time we've had winners who were friends and split a jackpot or top prize, and it won't be the last, without a doubt. Who knows, Mr. Charaniya and his friend may be back as winners, since they seem to have a steady deal going that's already allowed them to win not just the top prize in Cash Five, but numerous lower-tier prizes." The new winner says he plans to use his portion of the prize to embark on a new enterprise. "How often do you get an opportunity like this, to build a foundation for a new business?" the new winner asked, incredulous of his win. "This will help me build a foundation for a good and solid future." The Handy Stop #2, 1934 E. Irving Boulevard in Irving is eligible to receive a bonus of one percent of the top prize, $421.33, for having sold the winning ticket. Tonight's Lotto TexasTM jackpot is worth an estimated $17 million. Friday's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is an estimated $75 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www. txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=60912/11/2006 1:32:57 PM

