TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - August 11, 2003 Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144 Karen Kalergis, 512-344-5436

TLC Warns Elderly That Latin Lotto Scam Hits Bastrop County
(Austin, August 11) - Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer is warning the public that another incident of the Latin Lotto scam hit Bastrop County this morning. The incident took place at the H.E.B. grocery store on Highway 71 in Bastrop. "Everyone in the Austin and Bastrop area should be aware that these con artists using phony lottery tickets are in town and targeting elderly people with this scam," said Greer. "The latest victim this morning was scammed out of $2,000 by con artists using the same tactics we"ve come to recognize as the "Latin Lotto Scam."" Greer said the 73-year-old Hispanic woman was approached in the H.E.B. parking lot. After the con artists disappeared with her money, the victim contacted lottery officials first, who advised her to immediately call the Bastrop Police Department. A Houston victim was scammed out of $5,000 last week, and a Garland woman was scammed out of $6,000 on July 30 while shopping at a Dallas-area shopping center. More than 200 cases were reported in Houston last year. Since the scam was first reported in Texas about four years ago, victims have lost more than $3 million. It has been called the "Latin Lotto Scam" since law enforcement identified the ring of perpetrators as coming from Latin America. The scam has been reported in Florida and California, and law enforcement intelligence indicates that the same tactics and sometimes the same perpetrators are involved in each state. The scam is usually perpetrated by at least three people and appears to target elderly Hispanics. The first person approaches the target and claims to have a winning Texas Lottery ticket that he cannot cash in because he is not a U.S. resident and doesn"t have the money to pay the taxes on the prize upfront. The victim is asked for cash and a ride to the Lottery claim center, in exchange for a share of the prize. During this exchange, a second person approaches and appears to overhear the conversation. The second person, who is part of the scam, wants in on the deal, but asks for proof that the ticket is real before putting in any money. The first perpetrator then offers to call the Lottery. That call is answered by another member of the scam who pretends to be an employee of the Texas Lottery and confirms that the ticket is a winner. "If you are approached by someone with this scheme, you need to get away from them as soon as possible and call your local law enforcement agency," Greer said. "The Texas Lottery never requires a player to pay money upfront to claim a prize," he said. "And there"s no restriction on someone who is not a U.S. citizen from claiming a prize. Either one of those statements is your first clue that this is a scam." Greer noted that the Lottery also doesn"t confirm that a ticket is a winner over the phone. "Today"s incident was a classic case of the Latin Lotto scam," explained Greer. "Previous scams also started at very public places, such as grocery stores and home improvement centers. "Just a year ago, the Texas Lottery Commission implemented a public awareness campaign, and we saw incidents of the Latin

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=494 (1 of 2)12/12/2006 10:55:48 AM

TxLottery: News Release

Lotto scam die out," Greer explained. "But this incident shows that they"re at it again, and I urge people - please ­ don"t fall for it." Previous cases of the Latin Lotto scam have been reported in Hempstead, Navasota, Corpus Christi, El Paso, Laredo, San Marcos, Amarillo, New Braunfels and Austin.

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=494 (2 of 2)12/12/2006 10:55:48 AM

