TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - August 29, 2003 Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144 Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

Play Responsibly - Texas Lottery Commission Reminds Players To Remember, It's Just A Game
(Austin, August 29) - Starting Monday, September 1, the Texas Lottery Commission will begin an awareness campaign to remind players that The Games of TexasTM were created to be a fun form of entertainment and to PLAY RESPONSIBLY! The campaign was created in an effort to provide a public service to players in response to the recent legislative budget cuts to the Texas Council on Problem and Compulsive Gambling hotline. "Responsibility is a core value of the Texas Lottery Commission," said Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "That's why we've identified key resources to help players who might have a compulsive gambling problem, and encourage them to check out those resources at www.txlottery.org/responsible.cfm." The Texas Lottery's PLAY RESPONSIBLY resource Web page will include links to various agencies that provide help for players who think they might have a gambling problem, or who live or care for a problem gambler. The various sites provide surveys to help identify problem gambling, methods for treatment and prevention, and recovery programs. The sites include:
q q q q q

Texas Commission on Alcohol and Drug Abuse (TCADA) North American Association of State and Provincial Lotteries (NASPL) National Center for Responsible Gambling (NCRG) Gamblers Anonymous Gam-Anon

"The Texas Lottery wants to encourage those who might have a gambling problem to seek help," Greer said. "These resources are there to provide information to everyone. Remember, the games of Texas are just that - games, and are meant to provide fun and excitement for players." For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www. txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=50712/12/2006 10:52:39 AM

