TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - August 5, 2003 Contact: Bobby Heith, 512-344-5210 Karen Kalergis, 512-344-5436

Lottery Director Greer Recommends Mega Millions As New Game For Texas

"Mega Millions is the best multijurisdiction game for Texas," said Reagan E. Greer, Executive Director for the Texas Lottery Commission.

(Austin, August 5) - Today, Reagan E. Greer, Executive Director of the Texas Lottery Commission, recommended Mega Millions as the multijurisdiction lottery game Texas should join. "Mega Millions is the best multijurisdiction game for Texas," said Greer. "After reviewing all the information we received and studying the cost-benefit analysis, I am recommending to the Commission that Texas go to the next step of bringing this big jackpot game to our players." "Since Governor Perry signed HB 3459 on June 10 authorizing us to enter a multijurisdiction lottery game, our staff has been working very hard to gather information to make this important decision," said Greer. "I want to express my appreciation to Mega Millions and PowerBall for providing information about each of their games and what each offers Texas." In making his recommendation, Greer told the three-member Commission that some of the critical factors he considered were 1) revenue to the state, 2) cannibalization of existing games, and 3) the game that was the best fit for Texas. Greer's recommendation included adding a "multiplier" feature to the Mega Millions game that would allow players to increase their winning prize amounts at certain prize levels other than the jackpot prize level. "I anticipate that the net revenue from Mega Millions will meet or exceed the initial estimate of $101 million for the biennium," Greer said. The portions of HB 3459 relating to participation in a multijurisdiction lottery game take effect September 1, 2003. Greer noted that his staff is committed to making the new game available to Texas Lottery players as soon as possible. "In order to implement a multijurisdiction lottery game, certain actions such as entering into an agreement with Mega Millions,

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=489 (1 of 2)12/12/2006 10:56:36 AM

TxLottery: News Release

adopting a game rule, and procuring goods and services will need to occur," explained Greer. "We are looking at a late fall timeline for having this process completed." Current projections are that with the successful completion of contract negotiations with Mega Millions and required Commission action, ticket sales could begin later this fall. Mega Millions is a multi-state lottery game offered for sale in Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Virginia and Washington. For more information on Mega Millions, visit their website at www. megamillions.com For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www. txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=489 (2 of 2)12/12/2006 10:56:36 AM

