NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Monday, August 3, 2009

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEXAS LOTTERY® AND DALLAS COWBOYS ANNOUNCE LAUNCH OF NEW INSTANT GAME
(AUSTIN) ­ The Texas Lottery® and the Dallas Cowboys joined together today to announce that August 17 will be the official launch date for the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off ticket from the Texas Lottery. As the clock counts down to the start of the 2009 NFL season, Cowboys fans and lottery players alike can get in on the action off the field by playing the Dallas Cowboys scratch-off game. The $5 Dallas Cowboys scratch-off ticket will offer players a chance at cash prizes up to $100,000. In addition to cash prizes, players will also have the opportunity to win exciting Cowboys merchandise and once-in-alifetime experiential prizes to be awarded in the second-chance drawings. Players can return non-winning tickets by mail to participate in the five second-chance drawings to be held throughout the run of the game. Prizes to be awarded include gift certificates, signed jerseys, pairs of season tickets and some very special trip packages, as shown below.

o 5 Dallas Cowboys "Wild Weekend" Packages, which include  One suite for 20 guests at a Dallas Cowboys home game  Private tour of the Dallas Cowboys practice facility  Private tour of the new Dallas Cowboys Stadium  Pre-game party for 20 guests at the Dallas Cowboys Stadium
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

 Round-trip airfare or ground transportation and hotel accommodations for 20 o 10 Dallas Cowboys Draft Weekend Packages for two, which include  An inside look at the War Room on Draft Day  Transportation on Dallas Cowboys Luxury Bus to the official Dallas Cowboys Draft Party  VIP Passes to the Draft Party  Round-trip airfare or ground transportation and hotel accommodations for two o 5 Away-game trips for two, which include  Two game tickets to one away game of the prize winner's choice  Round trip airfare and ground transportation  Hotel accommodations for two for one night at the team hotel "We are thrilled to be able to announce this partnership with the Dallas Cowboys," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "Cowboy fans will be thrilled with the unique footballrelated prizes this game has to offer." "Not only are the Dallas Cowboys among the elite teams in the National Football League, but the team has a strong history of working in their local community through organizations such as the Gene and Jerry Jones Family Arlington Youth Foundation, the Gene and Jerry Jones Family Dallas Cowboys Charities and numerous other non-profit organizations," said Grief. "The Texas Lottery is extremely proud to partner with the Cowboys' organization to generate funding for the school children of Texas." "We are thrilled about our new partnership with the Texas Lottery," said Jerry Jones Jr., the Chief Sales and Marketing Officer for the Dallas Cowboys. "This game will give our fans an exciting new way to be a part of
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

the Dallas Cowboys. Just as importantly, this program will dramatically help the youth of Texas by supporting education."

In fiscal year 2008, approximately 95 cents of every dollar spent on lottery products by Texas Lottery players was returned to the people of Texas in the form of contributions to education, prizes, retailer commissions and other state programs, with over $983 million going directly to the Foundation School Fund. The Foundation School Fund is a dedicated account that is administered by the Texas Education Agency and helps pay for public education in the State of Texas. ...

