TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - December 4, 2002 Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

Oklahoma Native Claims Lotto Texastm Prize

The Kuehns of Whitney with their $5.9 million ceremonial presentation check.

(Austin, December 4) - A lottery player with Oklahoma roots has won in Texas. David Kuehn, a 45-year-old native of Kingfisher, Oklahoma, and resident of Whitney where he is a lineman for an electric highline contractor, won the November 23 Lotto Texas(tm) $9 million jackpot. Today, he collected $5,982,007, the Cash Value amount of the prize. "I've been in Texas almost four years working as a lineman and foreman on a storm response team, and I don't believe I'm going to leave Texas," Kuehn said. "I'm tickled to death that I won. I'm hoping I mellow out soon, this is all so exciting." Kuehn said he wanted to drive to Austin straightaway after he realized the Sunday after the drawing that he had won. He held back, though, and decided to consider how to claim his prize. "I called my mother in Oklahoma to give her the news and she just about died," he said. "I knew I needed to look at all my options before I claimed my winnings. I came over here as soon as I could get an appointment." Kuehn said he "had that feeling" that he'd won the Sunday after the drawing even before he and his wife, Teresa, went to the store for a print-out of the winning numbers. "When I heard that the winner had been sold in Whitney, all of a sudden I knew I'd won," he said. "So I signed the ticket right away." His wife checked the ticket against the print-out as they were driving away from the store. "We turned right around and went back in to find out what to do next," he said. "The clerk started crying and reached over the counter to hug us. That's how the store found out they'd sold the winner. Once we got home, we put the ticket in the Bible on the coffee table. The next day, we put the Bible with the ticket in a safety deposit box in the bank." The winner said he and his wife will soon visit Alaska on a cruise. The couple also plans to visit the Grand Canyon and the redwood forests in northern California.
http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=388 (1 of 2)12/12/2006 3:13:29 PM

TxLottery: News Release

Kuehn bought his five Quick Pick tickets while buying ice at the S&A Express, 1579 State Highway 22, in Whitney. The winning numbers were 01-17-38-41-47-48. The store is eligible to receive a bonus of one-percent of the advertised jackpot, which comes to $90,000. The owner of S&A Express, Sharon Wood, is no stranger to the thrill of selling the big jackpot winner. In August of 2001, while she was a co-owner of Wood Kountry Grocery Inc., also in Whitney, a $9 million Lotto Texas jackpot winning-ticket was sold at the store. The winner was the Bird Nest Trust of Cleburne. The newest Lotto Texas winner is the seventh native Oklahoman and the second in less than a month to win the Texas Lottery. Darrell Thompson of Ada, Oklahoma, won a $27 million Lotto prize when he bought a ticket in Sanger for the November 9 drawing. The jackpot for tonight's Lotto Texas drawing is an estimated $6 million. .... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=388 (2 of 2)12/12/2006 3:13:29 PM

