TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - February 13, 2004 Contact: Karen Kalergis, 512-344-5436 Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

Texas Lottery Commission Receives Prestigious Video Awards
(Austin, February 13) - The Texas Lottery Commission has won two prestigious awards for one of its in-house video productions. The agency was recognized for its "Lottery Promotional Video" in two categories of the "Special Anniversary Classic Telly Awards" competition. The 5-minute video won awards in the "Public Relations" and "Corporate Image" categories. The competition was sponsored by the "Telly Awards," a national competition founded in 1980 to recognize outstanding nonnetwork and cable television productions. The Telly has become one of the most sought-after awards in the TV, commercial and video industry. To celebrate its 25th anniversary, the Telly Awards held a special one-time competition, the Classic Telly Awards, honoring TV commercials, film and video of timeless quality ­ the best work of the past 25 years. "It is a real honor to receive this recognition from such a widely known and respected awards competition," said Reagan E. Greer, Executive Director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "I'm proud of the team effort that went into the production of this video. It has served us well in communicating with the public about the Texas Lottery Commission, and it is very exciting to have it recognized for its production values as well." The video was produced in-house by the Lottery Commission's Media Relations Division, which is headed by Director of Media Relations Bobby Heith. Philip Bates served as producer and editor, and Glenn Hill served as contributing videographer for the winning video. In 2003, the Texas Lottery Commission earned its first Telly for its public service announcement (PSA) on the Latin Lotto Scam. The PSA was part of an ongoing public awareness campaign to warn elderly Hispanics about a scam in which con artists used bogus or altered lottery tickets. For more information about the Texas Lottery Commission, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=58112/11/2006 1:44:01 PM

