TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - February 10, 2004 Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144 Bobby Heith, 512-344-5210

Putting "Smart Ideas" To Work - Texas Lottery® MegaplierTM Game Feature Wins Industry Award
(Austin, February 10) - The Texas Lottery Commission was recognized at the SMART-Tech 2004 conference, held in Memphis, Tennessee, and presented an award for "Smart Ideas" for the successful development of the Texas Lottery® Mega MillionsTM MegaplierTM game feature. "Smart Ideas" are presented at the conference by lottery and supplier representatives to help lotteries be more successful. "It is a special honor to be recognized by one's peers in such a unique industry," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "The Texas Lottery was the first, and so far only, Mega Millions group member to incorporate the Megaplier feature in the game, and its success is due largely to our players' response, which, in turn, has generated more money for the State of Texas." There were three categories in which "Smart Ideas" were presented:
q

For a person, department, lottery or lottery supplier with the most effective cost-saving idea. For a person, department, lottery or lottery supplier with the best revenue-enhancing idea. For a person, department, lottery or lottery supplier using a new technology that led to revenue generation, enhancement or savings and/or better service.

q

q

"The Megaplier feature is responsible for 22 percent of total Mega Millions sales in Texas," Greer said. The SMART-Tech 2004 conference, co-sponsored by the Public Gaming Research Institute and the Tennessee Education Lottery, is attended by lottery executives and industry leaders nationwide to discuss important trends and new ideas for today's lotteries. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www. txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=57712/11/2006 1:44:43 PM

