TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - February 26, 2003 Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208 Karen Kalergis, 512-344-5436

Texas Lottery Commission Receives Prestigious Video Awards
(Austin, February 26) - The Texas Lottery Commission has won three prestigious awards for its in-house video productions. The "Latin Lotto Scam Public Service Announcement" earned the agency a Telly Award. This was the agency's first-ever entry in this national competition, which was founded in 1980 to recognize outstanding non-network and cable television productions. The Telly has become one of the most sought-after awards in the TV, commercial and video industry. The other two honors were Communicator Awards, an international award competition founded by communications professionals to recognize excellence in the communications field. The agency received the Communicator "Crystal Award of Excellence" for its "Retailer Town Hall Video," which highlights the importance of the Texas Lottery's relationships with its retailers. The agency previously won this award in 2000. The agency also won the Communicator "Award of Distinction" for the "Latin Lotto Scam Public Service Announcement." The PSA was part of an agency public awareness campaign to warn elderly Hispanics about a scam in which con artists used bogus or altered lottery tickets. The agency previously won this award in 2000 and 2001. Each of the winning videos was produced by the agency's Communications Division, which is headed by Communications Director Keith Elkins. The videos were produced in-house by audiovisual specialists Philip Bates and Glenn Hill. The agency was notified that its entries had been recognized in communications received from each award competition over the last 30 days. .... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=41812/12/2006 1:11:57 PM

