FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Monday, Sept. 15, 2014 MEDIA CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131 mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

TEXAS LOTTERY® CONTRIBUTES RECORDBREAKING $1.2 BILLION TO PUBLIC SCHOOLS
Record sales also result in $11.5 million for Texas veterans' programs

(AUSTIN) ­The Texas Lottery closed out a record-breaking fiscal year 2014, by making its largest contributions to public education and Texas veterans' programs in the agency's 22-year history. "With $4.384 billion in sales, we surpassed last year's sales record which resulted in a contribution of $1.220 billion to Texas, our single largest annual transfer of revenue to the state," said Gary Grief, executive director of the Texas Lottery. "This is the 11th consecutive year that the Texas Lottery generated more than $1 billion in revenue for Texas." This year's revenue transfer included $1.203 billion to the Foundation School Fund, the Lottery's single largest annual contribution to Texas public schools and a 4.8 percent increase over last year's contribution. With this revenue transfer, the Texas Lottery has contributed more than $17 billion to Texas public education.

The Foundation School Fund, administered by the Texas Education Agency, funds the operational needs and special program services for Texas school districts including teacher salaries, utilities, equipment, bilingual education, special education, gifted and talented education, and career and technical education. Texas schools are not the only beneficiaries of the Texas Lottery's record sales. Sales of the Texas Lottery's veterans themed scratch-off games resulted in $11.5 million for the Fund for Veterans' Assistance, which is administered by the Texas Veterans
(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

TEXAS LOTTERY CONTRIBUTES $1.2 BILLION TO PUBLIC SCHOOLS/PAGE2

Commission. This is the Lottery's largest single annual revenue transfer to the Fund for Veterans Assistance.

Since 2009, the Texas Lottery has contributed more than $39 million for important programs benefitting Texas veterans and their families. In a state with 1.7 million veterans, these programs provide Texas veterans with financial assistance, transportation services, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder counseling and housing assistance.

The Texas Lottery saw strong sales across its entire scratch-off game portfolio. Scratchoff sales totaled more than $3.280 billion, the highest instant ticket sales in Texas Lottery history. In addition to robust sales, the Texas Lottery's careful spending kept administrative expenses to just 4.6 percent of fiscal year 2014 sales.

Texas Lottery players also had a great year with $2.81 billion collected in cash and merchandise prizes. For the state's more than 17,000 Texas Lottery retailers that collect a five percent commission on every lottery sale, commissions amounted to $219.5 million, the highest commission to retailers in Texas Lottery history.

Fiscal Year 2014 Distributions
Prizes paid to winners Transfers to Foundation School Fund Retailer Bonuses and Commissions Transfers to Fund for Veterans' Assistance Other transfers to the state of Texas $2.817 billion $1.203 billion $219.5 million $11.5 million $5.4 million

(more)

TEXAS LOTTERY CONTRIBUTES $1.2 BILLION TO PUBLIC SCHOOLS/PAGE 3

Other highlights for fiscal year 2014 include:  Texas Lottery Commission's Executive Director Gary Grief named to the Public Gaming Research Institute's 2014 Hall of Fame.  In January, the Texas Lottery announced it joined the National Council on Problem Gambling as a Silver member.  In March, the Lottery recognized Problem Gambling Awareness Month.

""The Texas Lottery continues to set new standards of excellence in its mission to generate revenue for the state of Texas, and we look forward to continued success ," said J. Winston Krause, chairman of the Texas Lottery Commission. "I am very pleased with the results for fiscal year 2014." Editor's note: Sales and revenue figures are unaudited.

About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $22 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $44 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $17 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance.

The Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball®, Mega Millions®, Lotto Texas®, All or NothingTM, Texas Two Step, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org. ###

