Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - January 30, 2003 Contact: Sylvia Womble-Saenz, 512.344.5216

Weekly Grand Winner Claims Million-Dollar Prize From Texas Lottery
(Austin, January 30) - Instead of her usual morning routine of stopping for coffee and two Weekly Grand scratch-off tickets, Freda Wrobel stopped by the Texas Lottery® headquarters today and claimed the top prize from her favorite scratch-off game, Weekly Grand. The prize, $1,000 a week for 20 years, comes to a total of $1.04 million before taxes. Wrobel, a customer service representative at AdvancePCS, said she was pretty happy playing Weekly Grand every day, usually waiting until lunchtime to scratch off her morning purchases, and usually winning a little extra pocket money. She just never thought she would really win the top prize. "I bought my tickets when I stopped for a cup of coffee on my way to work Monday morning and, as usual, didn't have time to scratch them until I was in line at the bank during lunch," explained Wrobel. "I really didn't believe it, so I passed the ticket to the teller and he confirmed that it was the real thing. "You know, everyone always says they'll never win, but anyone can," added Wrobel. "After I made my deposit at the bank, I told the teller I would be back soon!" Wrobel bought her winning Weekly Grand ticket at 7-Eleven #1602-21287, located at 1602 Plano Road in Richardson. The retailer is eligible to receive a bonus of $10,000 for selling the top-prize winning ticket. Wrobel said this win is especially gratifying because she had made plans to retire recently but delayed her plans due to hard economic times. She added that now she may be able to jump-start her original retirement plans. "I'm going to keep playing my favorite game because it's so much fun," she added. "I also like the Bucks 'N Trucks scratch-off game and I usually buy one Lotto Texas ticket because it only takes one to win!" Weekly Grand, one of the most popular instant games from the Texas Lottery, has been reissued nine times since the first year it began in 1995. .... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org

