TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - January 16, 2003 Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512.344.5144

Midlothian Woman Becomes Fifth And Final Winner In Texas Lottery HarleyDavidson® Second Chance Drawing
(Austin, January 16) - Lynda Davis of Midlothian didn't think the phone message she received from the Texas Lottery Commission's Instant Product Manager, Stephanie Goertz, had anything to do with winning a prize. Nor did she think she might be the fifth and final winner of a Harley-Davidson® Sportster® 1200 CustomTM motorcycle, given away in the final Second Chance Drawing in the Texas Lottery Harley-Davidson® instant game. "I was just trying to remember when that drawing was supposed to be," Davis said. "The first thing I heard after returning the call was, 'Congrats,' and then I thought to myself, 'This isn't a business call.' " Davis has worked in the past with the Texas Lottery Commission because of her job with the Duncanville Police Department. She is an evidence technician with the department and has participated in investigations involving lottery tickets. "I'm still in shock," Davis explained. " I've never won anything this big." Davis isn't going to have to worry about what to wear while driving her new motorcycle around town either. She also won two of the 5,000 prize packages given away in the Second Chance Drawings. The prize package includes a Harley® T-shirt, leather cap, and coffee mug. "I kept telling people to mail those tickets in," Davis said. "You never know what you'll win." Tonight's Lotto Texas jackpot is worth an estimated $32 million. .... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=40512/12/2006 1:15:56 PM

