TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - July 2, 2002 Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512.344.5144

Dashing To A Wedding, He Dashed Off Numbers And Won A Dash Of $70 Million Lotto Jackpot
(Austin, July 2) - James Quinton was a man in a hurry. He was on his way home to change his clothes for a wedding and was running late. Not too late though to stop and buy a Diet Coke and five-dollars-worth of Lotto Texas tickets. That decision gave Quinton a reason to dash into Texas Lottery headquarters today. His ticket is one of five jackpot-winning ones from the Lotto Texas drawing held Saturday, June 22, worth $70 million. "The first four lines of numbers were all birthdays and anniversaries," said James Quinton, the Pearland Lotto Texas winner who today picked up his $8.5 million share of the $70 million June 22 jackpot. "We were in such a hurry that I marked the last line of numbers without even thinking. And that turned out to be the line of winning numbers." Quinton declined to say where he works, but allowed that it was while he was at his job the next morning at 5:30 that he discovered his slap-dash choice of numbers had made a millionaire out of him. He stopped at the store across the street from the store where he bought his tickets because it's on the way to work, picked up a winning numbers printout and went on. "I pulled the numbers out of my pocket, looked at them and told one of my co-workers that I had left something in the car," Quinton said. "Really, I'd gone out there to look at the numbers again and call my wife. She started crying." The new winner says he hasn't thought long enough about it to decide how he's going to celebrate winning or what he's going to do. "I know I'm not quitting work," he said. "I love what I do, even though my wife thinks I spend way too much time there. She's not quitting her job either." The identity of the Pearland winner has been a mystery to locals since the night of the drawing. Nobody had figured it out, except an intrepid reporter from KHOU-TV who dogged the winner's trail until he talked to her, though he would not speak on the record or go on camera. "The only people who knew were my parents, my in-laws, my sister and my sister-in-law and their husbands," Quinton said. "And nobody said anything, but they can after today." There were five winning tickets with the Cash Value Option for this drawing, and each will receive a share in the same amount as Quinton. Houstco Tech Inc., 1601 E Broadway, sold the ticket in Pearland. For selling the prize-winning ticket, the store is eligible to receive $100,000 for selling one of the five jackpot-winning Lotto Texas tickets. The winning combination of numbers Quinton hurriedly filled in on his ticket slip were: 16--11--02--13--34--26. He has requested minimum publicity. Chester Brown of Sherman was the first claimant to collect his money. He received his prize on June 26. The Austin winner, Shawn Pitts, received his share last Friday. Wednesday's Lotto Texas jackpot is an estimated $9 million. ....

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=329 (1 of 2)12/12/2006 3:32:48 PM

TxLottery: News Release

The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=329 (2 of 2)12/12/2006 3:32:48 PM

