TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - June 15, 2004 Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5144

Texas Lottery® Says, 'You'd Look Great Behind A Beautifully Packaged V8 Engine!'
(Austin, June 15) - Take your pick of exterior colors: Artic White, Black, Machine Silver Metallic, Medium Spiral Gray Metallic, or Torch Red. How about your choice of Highwear Nuance Interior Leather, like Black, Light Gray, Oak Gray, or Torch Red? And that V8 engine can let you take over the Texas highways. The Texas Lottery® is giving you the chance for all of that with the latest Scratch Off game, Corvette® Cash. "We're going to make it happen for five lucky Texas Lottery players," said Reagan E. Greer, Executive Director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "Starting tomorrow, players can take their chance to win a beautiful 2004 Corvette Convertible. There will be four to win instantly and one we're giving away in a second chance drawing." The new $5 instant ticket will also allow players the chance to win one of 2,400 Corvette Merchandise Prize Packages in four separate second chance drawings. The prize packages include: Corvette® Leather Jacket, Corvette® Throw, Corvette® Past, Present and Future Clock, a Leather Bag and Tag, and a Corvette® Embroidered Logo Cap. "Besides the convertible, players can instantly win one of four top-cash prizes of $25,000 with the game," said Greer. "We're very excited about bringing this scratch ticket to Texas. It's going to be a real 'rush' meeting each of those Corvette winners." The overall odds of winning a cash prize with Corvette Cash are 1 in 3.38. The odds of instantly winning one of the four 2004 Corvette® Convertibles is 1 in 1,260,000. The odds of winning a Corvette® Merchandise Prize Package or a Corvette® Convertible in a Second Chance Drawing are dependent upon the number of entries received for each drawing. "The deadline to enter the first Second Chance Drawing is Friday, July 16," said Greer. "The drawing will be held on Tuesday, July 20. We will be posting a list of all the winners in the Second Chance Drawings at all retailer locations and on the official Texas Lottery Web site, www.txlottery.org." Players must be at least 18 years old to play this or any other Texas Lottery game. The number of prizes in a game is approximate based on the number of tickets ordered. The number of actual prizes available in a game may vary based on number of tickets manufactured, testing, distribution, sales and number of prizes claimed. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www. txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=64312/11/2006 11:09:09 AM

