TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - June 25, 2002 Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512.344.5144

Winners Have Yet To Claim Lotto Jackpot Totaling $74 Million - $4 Million Higher Than Expected
(Austin, June 25) - - It's been a whirlwind of activity at the Texas Lottery Commission headquarters since the Lotto Texas drawing held Saturday, June 22. And higher than expected sales have pushed the jackpot prize beyond $74 million. Saturday's estimated $70 million Lotto Texas jackpot will be split among five tickets, and four of those ticket holders have already made preliminary inquiries with the Lottery regarding their possible windfall. "We've spoken with the Sherman, Longview, Austin and Pearland claimants," said Abbie Pina, Winners Liaison for the Texas Lottery Commission. "Each of the four tickets have passed an initial ticket inquiry and each ticket holder has told us they plan to seek legal and financial advice before coming to Austin to claim their share of the jackpot. We're anxiously waiting for that last one to call that's holding the ticket from Terrell. We haven't even heard a rumor about that possible winner." Each of the ticket holders chose the Cash Value Option payment, and will receive more than $8.5 million each, before taxes. The tickets purchased in Sherman, Austin, Terrell and Longview were Quick Picks, while the Pearland ticket holder chose the winning number combination. Four of the five jackpot-winning tickets were purchased the day of the drawing. The Sherman ticket was purchased earlier in the week. For selling the jackpot winning tickets, each of the Texas Lottery retailers are eligible to receive a bonus of $100,000. The winning numbers were: 16-11-02-13-34-26. "We're happy to be paying out a prize amount greater than we estimated," said Linda Cloud, Executive Director for the Texas Lottery Commission. "The jackpot amount actually came out to $74 million ($74,226,172) because sales for the drawing came out better than we had expected. It was a very exciting week for Texas," said Cloud. "Our retailers sold more than $33.8 million worth of tickets for the drawing, our winners will receive more than anticipated, and the state will see more going toward public education." The $70 million Lotto Texas jackpot was the third highest jackpot won by players. Claimants have 180 days from the date of the drawing to collect their prize. Wednesday's Lotto Texas jackpot is worth an estimated $4 million. .... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=32512/12/2006 3:34:07 PM

