TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - June 11, 2003 Contact: Bobby Heith, 512-344-5210 Karen Kalergis, 512-344-5436 Kristina Tirloni, 512-344-5216

Texas Lottery Commission Exploring Possibility Of Entering Multijurisdiction Game
(Austin, June 11) - Today, Reagan E. Greer, Executive Director of the Texas Lottery Commission, announced that the agency is proceeding to gather information in order to explore the possibility of entering into a multijurisdiction lottery game. "Based on Governor Perry's signing of HB 3459 yesterday, it is appropriate at this time to move forward to explore entering such a game," said Greer. Governor Perry signed HB 3459 on Tuesday, June 10. HB 3459 authorizes the Texas Lottery Commission to enter into an agreement with other jurisdictions to participate in a multijurisdiction lottery game and to adopt rules. The portions of HB 3459 relating to participation in a multijurisdiction lottery game take effect September 1, 2003. "Public input will be an important part of this process," said Greer. "We anticipate receiving public input at the Commission's June meeting, tentatively scheduled for June 30 at the State Capitol Auditorium, regarding the concept of entering into a multijurisdiction lottery game and, if so, which game." Greer said that multijurisdiction lottery groups will be notified of the June Commission meeting so the groups can attend and offer information if they choose to do so. Among the multijurisdiction lottery games being considered are Mega Millions and Powerball. According to Greer, after the June 30 Commission meeting, the receipt of public input, and the gathering of information, including a cost-benefit analysis, the staff may make a recommendation to the Commission at the July Commission meeting regarding entering into a multijurisdiction lottery game and, if so, which one. "In order to implement a multijurisdiction lottery game, administrative actions such as entering into an agreement with participating lotteries, rulemaking, and procurements of goods and services will need to occur," explained Greer. "We are looking at a late fall timeline for having this process completed." "We are proceeding with due diligence and we are keenly aware that the Texas Lottery Commission's role as part of state government is to generate revenue through the sale of lottery tickets," said Greer. "Entering into a multijurisdiction lottery game has the potential of generating additional revenue for Texas." According to the Legislative Budget Board fiscal note for a multijurisdiction lottery game, such a game could generate more than $100 million in additional revenue in the next biennium.

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=45912/12/2006 11:06:01 AM

