NEWS
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

from the Texas Lottery Commission
CONTACT:

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

Wednesday, September 05, 2007

Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5210 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

PASADENA RESIDENT WINS TOP PRIZE PLAYING $500,000 TOP PRIZE
(AUSTIN) ­ Lorenzo Ochoa knows exactly what he's going to do with his half-million-dollar prize that he won playing $500,000 Top Prize from the Texas Lottery®. He's going to pay for the college education of his children. "This is one of the best things you can do with a significant Texas Lottery prize, support your children in their efforts to attain a higher education," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Anthony J. Sadberry. "The Texas Lottery exists to bring needed resources to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. It is fitting that our winner has chosen to use his prize to support his children as they enter their college years." Ochoa regularly buys scratch-off tickets and the occasional Lotto Texas® or Mega Millions® ticket, and has won money several times. "But not anything like this, I couldn't believe it," he said. "When I called my wife to tell her that I had a surprise for her I was laughing so hard, she asked me if I'd been drinking, and I told her that I wasn't, but that I might need a shot of tequila to settle down because of the ticket in my hand." He was at the YMCA waiting for his children to finish soccer practice. Even though Ochoa didn't tell his wife on the phone what the surprise was, he did reveal to his 17-year-old daughter on the way home that she wouldn't have to worry about paying for college. The Ochoas already have one son who will receive his degree in mechanical engineering next year. Ochoa declined to have his photo taken by the Lottery, but was willing to speak briefly about his winning experience.
(more)

(Texas Lottery Commission news release, continued)

The new winner purchased his ticket at the Chevron Mini Mart #3, located at 4390 W. Sam Houston Parkway NC in Houston. Tonight's Lotto Texas jackpot is worth an estimated $21 million. Friday's Mega Millions jackpot is worth an estimated $17 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. ...

