TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - March 15, 2002 Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208,

Second Time's The Charm For Cameron Texas Two Step Winner
(Austin, March 15) - - Sometimes you have to play your numbers over and over to win. At least, that's what many past winners say they've done, but few have said the second time was the charm that won the prize. That's what happened to Gwendolyn E. Kelley of Cameron who claimed a $1.5 million Texas Two Step jackpot today. She played the same set of Quick Pick numbers that she originally bought back in January. "I asked my son-in-law, Michael, to buy me a few Quick Picks for the draw on February 8, because the prize was pretty good, $1.5 million," she said. "I gave him an old ticket of five Quick Picks I'd had in my pocket since the January 4 drawing, and he bought me the same numbers. I made sure he got me a couple of extra tickets, too, just in case." The "just in case" wasn't necessary, as the numbers 7-16-33-35 and bonus number 10 all rang true the second time Kelley played them. And even though the ticket was a Quick Pick originally, one could say she selected her numbers for this drawing. "I saw the winning numbers that night on KVUE-TV, channel 24 in Austin, and even though one of my sons kept telling me my ticket matched the numbers on TV, I still couldn't believe it," she said. "In fact, when I finally got to bed that night, I still wasn't sure. It was too hard to believe." The facts didn't lie, however. When Kelley had a clerk check her ticket at the 4th Street Shell, 300 W. 4th in Cameron, where the tickets were purchased, she got the "go-to-Austin" sign from the terminal. Kelley worked as a presser at the DeLuxe Cleaners for 25 years. She has been retired for seven years. The mother of 10 says she wants to do several things with her winnings. "First, I'm going to help my children, and then I'm going to buy a house," she said. "After that, I'll invest what's left." Kelley also has 23 grandchildren and three great-grandchildren. "My children are my greatest accomplishment," Kelley said.

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=27912/13/2006 8:49:37 AM

