TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - March 8, 2004 Contact: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

Texas Lottery Commission Urges Players To "Play Responsibly"
(Austin, March 8) - The Texas Lottery Commission is joining nationwide efforts to recognize March 8 ­ 14 as "National Problem Gambling Awareness Week" and raise awareness of the consequences of problem gambling and the resources available for individuals whose gambling is causing disruption in their lives. "Our message this week is one you hear from us often, 'Play Responsibly, It's Just a Game,' " said Reagan E. Greer, Executive Director of the Texas Lottery Commission, which manages the Texas Lottery®. "The Games of Texas are meant to be just that ­ games ­ and this week is an opportunity for our players to look at their gaming activities and make sure they are still fun, and not causing problems for them or their families." Mr. Greer noted that the Commission also licenses charitable bingo conductors and was joined by the head of the charitable bingo operations division of the agency in urging players of both lottery and bingo games to participate in the week's awareness activities. "Charitable bingo is a great social activity, and we want it to stay that way for our players - a fun and entertaining game," said Billy Atkins, Director of the Charitable Bingo Operations Division. "Any time it goes beyond that, we want them to know that help is available." National Problem Gambling Awareness Week is a collaborative effort of national and local organizations to increase public and professional awareness of problem gambling issues and availability of services to assist those affected by problem gambling. The Texas Lottery Commission Web site has links to a number of resources for problem gambling at http://www.txlottery.org/ responsible.cfm. Among the resources are articles and publications from the experts, and a questionnaire to help players assess whether they have a problem.

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=59512/11/2006 1:38:24 PM

