TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - May 28, 2004 Contact: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Media Relations, 512-344-5131

First, Nine Holes Of Golf: Second, Collect Prize
(Austin, May 28) - Bob Young and his wife, Virginia, got in nine holes of golf Wednesday before they came to Texas Lottery® headquarters to claim the top prize of $35,423 in Tuesday's Cash FiveTM drawing. "We had a pre-arranged golf appointment with friends at the Country Club, so we didn't want to miss it," said Mrs. Young. "But right after, we came over to the Lottery. I wasn't even sure what I'd won, and when they told me it was $35,423, well, I didn't believe it." Mrs. Young said her golf game wasn't quite what she'd hope because she was a little nervous about the prize. She checked the numbers yesterday morning on the Texas Lottery web site at 5:30 and had been thinking about it all morning. When asked what her score was, she responded with a tart "I don't want to talk about it." "Mr. Young and his wife have their priorities straight, golf comes first," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer. "I can see how your score might not be what you'd like if you're thinking about collecting a bunch of money, if you've got what you think is a big winning ticket in your pocket." Mrs. Young said she and her husband day-dreamed a bit on their way to the Lottery about what to do with their prize. "Maybe some new carpeting, maybe some new furniture, we're not sure yet what we're going to buy," she said. "We're retired, so this money is going to be great for us." Mr. Young selected the numbers on his ticket. "The numbers I play are my birthday, my wife's birthday and my father's birthday," he said. "I've been playing them for a while, and I've won with them, but not a pot of money like this." Tonight's Mega MillionsTM jackpot is worth an estimated $42 million. Saturday's Lotto TexasTM jackpot is worth an estimated $70 million and is currently the largest prize being offered by any lottery in the U.S. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www. txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=63612/11/2006 1:23:26 PM

