TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, December 09, 2009 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

SCAM ALERT
TEXAS LOTTERY® RECEIVES INFORMATION ABOUT MEGA MILLIONS® E-MAIL SCAM
(Austin) ­ Texas Lottery® officials received information about a recent e-mail scam, and they are warning the public not to be fooled. A fake e-mail message may be circulating that includes images, like the Mega Millions® logo, making it appear genuine. A copy of the e-mail message, obtained by Mega Millions, includes the following language: "Congratulation! Our database showed your E-mail address was one of the selected jackpot winners of the sum of $520,000.00. Please complete the details below to file your claim and email to our fiduciary agent to process your payment immediately." This message also lists an e-mail address for a "United Kingdom Fiduciary Agent" and photos of actual Mega Millions winners, which may have been pulled from the Mega Millions Web site.

If you receive this or a similar message, do not respond. It is a scam, likely designed to get personal and financial information from unsuspecting victims.

The only way to win a Mega Millions prize is with a valid Mega Millions ticket. Winners are not selected by e-mail address, nor are they contacted that way. Furthermore, there is no "fiduciary agent" and no Mega Millions agent of any sort in the United Kingdom.

(more)

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued)

"This message contains false and misleading information, and we don't want to see the public taken in by these con artists," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "We encourage everyone to be suspicious of any unsolicited communications. Remember, if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is."

For more scam information, visit the "Spotlight on Security" section of the Texas Lottery Web site at the following link: http://www.txlottery.org/export/sites/default/About_Us/Security_Spotlight/

Anyone with questions about Texas Lottery games and rules should contact Customer Service at 1-800-37LOTTO, or visit the official Web site at http://www.txlottery.org.

###

