TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Thursday, December 3, 2009 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

    TEXAS LOTTERY® JOINS NATIONWIDE INITIATIVE AGAINST GIVING LOTTERY TICKETS TO MINORS AS HOLIDAY GIFTS
(Austin) ­ It's December, and Texas residents are now fully immersed in the holiday shopping season. With that in mind, the Texas Lottery® has joined forces with the National Council on Problem Gambling (NCPG) and McGill University to discourage adults from purchasing one particular gift for the children on their lists--lottery tickets. Responding to concerns about adolescent problem gambling, NCPG is spearheading a campaign to raise awareness about the effects of giving lottery products to minors. Lotteries, state agencies and advocacy groups throughout the country are collaborating in their efforts to provide information about this important issue. "Holiday tickets with festive artwork and winter themes are always popular as stocking stuffers, but the games are designed with adults in mind. You must be at least 18 years old to purchase a Texas Lottery ticket," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "We are proud to join the National Council on Problem Gambling in their call to give kids the gift of responsibility this holiday season." The Texas Lottery will support the national campaign by releasing a public service announcement that will also be available on the official agency Web site at http://www.txlottery.org. The following Web sites offer additional information about adolescent gambling issues and resources for those who are concerned that they or someone they know may have a gambling problem. National Council Problem Gambling http://www.ncpgambling.org

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

 

(Texas Lottery Commission News Release, continued)
 

International Centre for Youth Gambling Problems and High-Risk Behaviors McGill University http://www.youthgambling.com Texas Department of State Health Services http://www.dshs.state.tx.us/sa/FindingServices/ProblemGambling.shtm National Center for Responsible Gaming http://www.ncrg.org Gamblers Anonymous http://www.gamblersanonymous.org Gam-Anon.org http://www.gam-anon.org

###   

Note to Editors: The holiday campaign graphic is available in jpg format by contacting Robyn Smith at 512-344-5477 or robyn.smith@lottery.state.tx.us.

 

