TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - November 13, 2002 Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

Madisonville Lotto TexasTM Winner's Life Already Perfect, But Win Made It Better
(Austin, November 13) - Leonard Jozwiak of Madisonville said one of his favorite pastimes made his perfect life a little bit better, if that's possible. Playing the Lotto Texas game has made him a millionaire. He holds the sole winning ticket for the October 9, 2002, Lotto Texas $9 million jackpot drawing. The Texas Lottery Commission today paid JRJGJ Investments Ltd., $5,845,723, the Cash Value Option sum that is the net present value of the jackpot. Leonard Jozwiak is the president of Five JK Inc., the General Partner of JRJGJ Investments Ltd. "Since I retired three years ago from welding, I spend my time catching (fishing), playing dominos, buying Bingo pull-tabs and playing the Lotto," he said. "It's perfect, but now I've got some money to give my 12 grandchildren for their college education." The 65-year-old Jozwiak came to Lottery headquarters today to claim the prize accompanied by his wife, Elizabeth, their five children and their spouses. Mrs. Jozwiak said her husband was "real white" when he tried telling her his ticket had the winning numbers the morning after the drawing. His den TV has a vertical hold problem, so he couldn't get all the numbers down, and asked his wife to watch one of their other three televisions to get ascertain what they were. "He looked like he was going to faint," she said. "I, of course, didn't believe it when he told me he had the winning ticket, because he's always saying that. I'd told him the night before his Quick Pick ticket had the weirdest numbers, but I guess they weren't so weird, after all. I had my own tickets with numbers based on my kids' birthdays, but they didn't come out this time. So, he made me watch the TV and get the numbers and read them to him as he was holding the ticket. If I didn't have a broken foot, I would've jumped for joy." Madisonville is a town of approximately 3,600, so news travels fast. It was a matter of days before everyone knew he'd won. "We've had to change our phone number," Mrs. Jozwiak said. "We got a lot of nice calls from people congratulating us, but we also got calls from people wanting to sell us something, so after 27 calls in three hours, we knew we had to go unlisted." Jozwiak and his family celebrated by having a steak dinner at the Leona General Store that week. Aside from that, there aren't any big plans just yet to spend the money. "I've got five super kids, and I'm going to be able to help them and especially my 12 grandkids with money for college," he said. "My life isn't going to change otherwise with this win. It was already perfect." The winning numbers were 29-42-22-8-11-5. M S Sales is the retailer who sold Jozwiak eight Quick Pick tickets. The store, located at 401 South May Street in Madisonville, is eligible to receive a one-percent bonus of the advertised jackpot, which comes to $90,000. Tonight's Lotto Texas jackpot is an estimated $4 million. .... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit
http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=381 (1 of 2)12/12/2006 3:15:57 PM

TxLottery: News Release

the official website at http://www.txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=381 (2 of 2)12/12/2006 3:15:57 PM

