TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - November 15, 2002

Taft Retailer Receives $70,000 Bonus For Selling $7 Million Jackpot Winning Lotto Texas Ticket

(Austin, November 15) - Today, the Texas Lottery Commission presented Big Diamond #36, at 302 US Highway 81 in Taft, a ceremonial check in the amount of $70,000, for selling the jackpot winning Lotto Texas ticket for the drawing held on September 21, worth an estimated $7 million. Texas Lottery Commission representative René McCoy presented the ceremonial check to Jerry Minyard, Valero Energy Corporation's retail zone manager for the South Texas area. Valero Energy Corporation is the retail parent company of Big Diamond. The retail owner will pay each of the store's full-time employees an equal portion of 10 percent of the retailer bonus, which in this case equals $7,000, or $1,400 each. "It's always a pleasure to present a retailer with a bonus for selling a big jackpot winning ticket," said McCoy. "It's especially gratifying to see that retailer turn around, and share their good fortune with the employees who serve as the vital link between the lottery, our retailers, and our players." The Lotto jackpot prize was claimed by long time Taft resident, Alvertia Carter. Carter collected her Cash Value Option payment, $4.5 million, on September 26. "Valero's retail stores, which include Diamond Shamrock Corner Stores and Stop N Go locations in Texas, are the largest retailer of lottery ticket sales in the state," said Gary Arthur Jr., Senior Vice President of Marketing for Valero Energy Corporation. "Because of our large retailer base, it's not surprising to hear that another one of our valued customers was a Lotto Texas winner, and we enjoy sharing that benefit with our employees." Saturday's Lotto Texas jackpot is worth an estimated $5 million. .... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=38312/12/2006 3:15:22 PM

