TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - November 14, 2002 Contact: Kristina Tirloni, 512.344.5144

Oklahoma Resident Explains How Road Trip Turned Into Big Bucks

The Thompsons of Ada, Oklahoma, with their $17 million ceremonial presentation check.

(Austin, November 14) - During a road trip, if a kid needs to go to the bathroom, make sure to stop right away. For Darrell Thompson of Ada, Oklahoma, that's one stop he'll never regret. Today, Thompson became the sixth Oklahoman to collect a Lotto Texas jackpot and the biggest Lotto Texas jackpot winner from the Sooner State. The Oklahoma resident won the $27 million Lotto jackpot from the Saturday, November 9 drawing, and today collected $17,382,404, the Cash Value amount of the jackpot prize. "A group of parents including myself were taking a group of kids to a Dallas Mavericks basketball game," said Thompson. "One of the boys in the group told my friend (Frank Stout) that he had to go to the rest room right now. So we pulled over to this little convenience store, and I felt bad for not buying anything, so I decided to buy 10 dollars worth of Quick Picks for the Lotto drawing." Thompson said Stout stopped one more time before crossing over the state line. A clerk told him no ticket matched all six numbers for the Lotto Texas drawing that evening. "Frank called me on the phone and said, 'I guess you can go ahead and throw away those tickets you bought, because no one won,' " Thompson explained. "He called again on Monday morning and told me that he heard a ticket had been sold in Sanger that matched all the numbers. "He asked me if that was where we had stopped, and I told him 'I thought so, but I wasn't for sure.' " It ended up being the place all right. The Horizon store, located at 901 N. Stemmons Street in Sanger, benefits from Thompson's timely stop as well. The retail owner is eligible to receive a bonus of one percent - $270,000 - for selling the
http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=382 (1 of 2)12/12/2006 3:15:37 PM

TxLottery: News Release

jackpot winning ticket. Thompson explained he got the numbers from Stout and compared those to the ones on his tickets. "My eyes went straight to the '4' and then the '17' and then the next number and the next number," he said. "I asked my assistant to take a look. She said, 'I don't know what this means, but it's got to be good.' " Thompson decided to buy an USA Today and get the numbers just to make sure they matched. He said he went home and showed his wife the newspaper and the ticket and asked her to compare the numbers too. The numbers drawn were: 32-37-34-21-17-04. The couple said they haven't made any specific plans with the money, other than a new house. "We've been looking for a while. I guess she could probably talk me into buying one now," he said. "My daughter told me she wants her own room, a SeaDoo and a pig. One of those pot-bellied ones, but I don't think she's getting one of those. One thing for sure, I guess I should buy that kid that needed to stop a snow cone or something." As Thompson, an avid Oklahoma Sooner fan, was leaving lottery headquarters, he made two comments. "Thank God, Mack Brown (University of Texas head coach) came to Texas, and can Mark Cuban (Dallas Mavericks owner) please get us better seats for a Mavericks game?" Saturday's Lotto Texas jackpot is worth an estimated $5 million. .... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=382 (2 of 2)12/12/2006 3:15:37 PM

