TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - November 17, 2003 Contact: Leticia Vásquez, 512-344-5208 Karen Kalergis, 512-344-5436

Pictures Of Latin Lotto Scam Suspects Arrested In Sugar Land Posted On Lottery Web Site

Alleged scam artists Juan Teodord Branger and Gloria Ameta.

(Austin, November 17) - While expressing his gratitude to the Sugar Land Police Department for apprehending two Latin Lotto Scam suspects, Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer also said today that photos of the most recent Latin Lotto Scam suspects will be posted on the agency's web site for the benefit of citizens and law enforcement personnel alike. "With quick thinking and fast moves, Sugar Land Police officers were able to nab two alleged scam artists just as they were trying to make their getaway," said Greer. "This incident shows that the scam is still out there, and that Texans should always beware of anyone who tries to sell them a supposed Lottery ticket on the street. "Our Web site, txlottery.org, has the photos of the two people arrested as a service to the general public and other law enforcement agencies investigating the Latin Lotto scam." Greer noted that other incidents of the Latin Lotto scam have been reported this year in Garland, Slaton, Tahoka, Houston and Lubbock. Since the scam was first reported in Texas about four years ago, victims have lost more than $3 million. It has been called the "Latin Lotto Scam" since law enforcement identified the ring of perpetrators as coming from Latin America. The scam has been reported in Florida and California, and law enforcement intelligence indicates that the same tactics and sometimes the same perpetrators are involved in each state. The scam is usually perpetrated by at least three people and appears to target elderly Hispanics. Greer is asking for the public's help in warning others. "Tell a friend about the Latin Lotto scam," said Greer. "We need everyone to know that these scammers are out there, and if
http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=538 (1 of 2)12/12/2006 9:14:17 AM

TxLottery: News Release

they're approached, they need to get away and call local law enforcement. "I won't be satisfied until we drive these scammers out of the state," said Greer. "I don't want to see any more innocent people victimized by these con artists." For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www. txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=538 (2 of 2)12/12/2006 9:14:17 AM

