FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Oct. 8, 2014 MEDIA CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131 mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

TEXAS LOTTERY® EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR JOINS LOTTERY INDUSTRY HALL OF FAME

(AUSTIN) ­ Public Gaming Research Institute has inducted Gary Grief, executive director of the Texas Lottery, to its Lottery Industry Hall of Fame. The induction ceremony took place at the North American Association of State and Provincial Lotteries conference in Atlantic City. "I want to congratulate Executive Director Grief for his much-deserved honor," said J. Winston Krause, chairman of the Texas Lottery Commission. "Gary's knowledge, experience and leadership are key elements to the continued success of the Texas Lottery." The Lottery Industry Hall of Fame was founded in 2005 to honor those who have contributed to making the lottery industry a success. Recipients of the award are elected by the current members of the Lottery Industry Hall of Fame. Grief was appointed executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission in March 2010. Under Grief's leadership, the Texas Lottery has seen record sales and revenue, contributing more than $17 billion to the state's Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. With 22 years in the industry, Grief has been an integral part of the success of the Texas Lottery Commission since its inception. He was appointed in 1991, by the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts, to the original eight-member Lottery Task Force assigned to research and launch the Texas Lottery. In 1992, Grief assumed the role of statewide manager of claim centers, overseeing 24 field offices. Grief served in this role until 1997, when he accepted the position of director of lottery operations. While serving in this role, Grief received the 2002 "Powers Award" for Performance Excellence in Lottery Operations by NASPL. In 2002, Grief was appointed by the Commission to serve the first of what would be three separate terms as acting executive director. Between and after these

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

TEXAS LOTTERY EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR JOINS INDUSTRY HALL OF FAME/PAGE2

®

appointments, Grief served as deputy executive director until his official appointment as executive director in 2010. A native Texan, Grief is a graduate of the University of Texas at the Permian Basin where he earned a bachelor's degree in business administration.

About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $22 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $44 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $17 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance.

The Texas Lottery provides several entertaining games for lottery players including Powerball®, Mega Millions®, Lotto Texas®, All or NothingTM, Texas Two Step, Pick 3TM, Daily 4TM, Cash Five® and scratch-offs. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org. ###

