TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, October 19, 2011 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131
 

 

TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION APPROVES NEW POWERBALL® GAME RULE 
Bigger Jackpots, Better Odds, More Chances to Win $1 Million  (AUSTIN) ­ The threemember Texas Lottery Commission unanimously approved game rule changes for  Powerball® during a meeting held today at Texas Lottery® headquarters in Austin. Bigger starting  grand/jackpot prizes, better odds of winning and more chances to win $1 million will set this new version of  the game apart from the original. The price will also increase from $1 to $2 per play.  The first drawing under the new rule is expected to occur on January 18, 2012, and Powerball players in Texas  will be able to purchase tickets for the updated game beginning on January 15. Starting jackpots for the game  will double to $40 million.  A matrix change will also provide better odds of winning in the enhanced Powerball game. Players will  continue to choose five numbers from one to 59, but the pool of Powerball numbers will drop from 39 to 35.  Odds of winning the grand/jackpot prize will improve to one in 175,223,510, and overall odds of winning any  prize will improve to one in 32.  "After reviewing the changes proposed by the MultiState Lottery Association, which runs Powerball, we feel  that the new game will benefit Texas Lottery players and retailers, and more importantly, we hope it will  provide increased revenues for the Foundation School Fund," said Texas Lottery Commission Chair Mary Ann  Williamson.  Perhaps the most exciting aspect of the new Powerball will be more opportunities for players to win $1 million  or more. The secondtier prize, awarded for matching all five numbers but not the Powerball number, will  increase from $200,000 to $1 million.   Players will also be able to participate in the revamped Power Play® feature for an extra $1 per play. Power  Play will now offer set increases for nongrand/jackpot prizes, including the chance to win $2 million for the  secondtier prize.  "We are excited to provide the enhanced Powerball game in Texas," said Texas Lottery Commission Executive  Director Gary Grief. "By introducing this new game at a $2 price point, we are able to emulate our successful  instant ticket strategy of providing a range of games at varying price points. Players who prefer to spend $1  per play will still be able to participate in the Lotto Texas and Mega Millions drawing games."  ### 

Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

 

