TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION News Release
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, January 6, 2010 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION APPROVES POWERBALL® RULE
(Austin) ­ The Texas Lottery Commission today voted 3-0 to approve the new Powerball® game rule. Sales of Powerball tickets in Texas are expected to begin as early as Sunday, January 31, with the first Powerball drawing for Texas Lottery® players occurring on Wednesday, February 3. The introduction of Powerball in Texas was made possible by an agreement in principle announced in October 2009 between the Mega Millions® states and the Multi-State Lottery Association to allow for the sale of both Mega Millions and Powerball tickets in all U.S. lottery jurisdictions. Powerball and Mega Millions are the two multi-jurisdictional lottery games played in the United States and its territories. Mega Millions is currently played in 12 states, including Texas, with a total population of approximately 161 million. Thirty-one state lotteries, the District of Columbia and the U.S Virgin Islands currently participate in Powerball, with a total population of approximately 130 million. Powerball Grand/Jackpot prizes begin at $20 million and increase based on projected sales. There are nine prize levels, with prizes starting at $3 for matching only the Powerball. Overall odds of winning any prize are one in 35, and odds of winning the Grand/Jackpot Prize are one in 195,249,054. Players can opt to play the Power Play® multiplier feature for an extra $1 per play for a chance to increase their non-Grand/Jackpot prizes up to 5 times. The largest advertised jackpot for Powerball was $365 million in February 2006, while the $370 million Mega Millions jackpot record was set in March 2007. (more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

(Texas Lottery Commission News Release, continued) "Now that the rule has been approved, the agency can move forward with preparations for Powerball," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "This is an exciting opportunity for the Texas Lottery, our players and our 16,000-plus licensed retailers around the state. In addition to allowing Texas players to participate in the Powerball game, our current Mega Millions game will grow. Because of the significantly increased population base that will have access to both games, there will be an opportunity for jackpots to climb faster and to levels not seen before. Most importantly, this will mean additional revenue for the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in our state."

For more information on Mega Millions, Powerball or the Texas Lottery, please visit www.megamillions.com, www.powerball.com, or www.txlottery.org.

###

