NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Tuesday, March 03, 2009

Media Relations, 512-344-5131

TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION RECOGNIZES NATIONAL PROBLEM GAMBLING AWARENESS WEEK
(AUSTIN) ­ This week, the Texas Lottery Commission joins groups from around the United States in recognizing National Problem Gambling Awareness Week. The goal of this campaign is to educate the general public and health care professionals about the warning signs of problem gambling and raise awareness about the help that is available both locally and nationally. The National Council on Problem Gambling defines problem gambling as a gambling behavior which causes disruptions in any major area of life: psychological, physical, social or vocational. During the week of March 1 ­ 7, communities nationwide are working to raise awareness of the consequences of problem gambling and the resources available to individuals for whom gambling has become a problem. "The Texas Lottery Commission is taking this opportunity to remind players to enjoy the Games of Texas in a responsible manner," said Texas Lottery Commission Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "We want our games to be enjoyable, but it is also important to know when to stop playing." The Play Responsibly section of the Texas Lottery Web site features online links and phone numbers for groups that specialize in helping problem gamblers, and the "Play Responsibly" message is featured on tickets and literature issued by the agency. Charitable Bingo Operations Director Phil Sanderson joined Grief in the call to play responsibly, saying, "Charitable bingo plays an ever-growing role in (more)

(Texas Lottery Commission, News Release, continued) assisting many of Texas' nonprofit organizations with their worthy causes, but if it becomes a problem, we want the players to know that help is available." Individuals concerned that they or someone they know may have a problem are encouraged to contact their health care provider or a gambling hotline for help. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www.txlottery.org.

Problem Gambling Resources The Texas Lottery Commission wants everyone to enjoy our games. Please remember to play responsibly!
National Problem Gambling Awareness Week Web: http://www.npgaw.org/ Phone: 800-522-4700 DSHS Substance Abuse Services Web: http://www.tcada.state.tx.us/ Phone: 888-772-8399 National Center for Responsible Gaming Web: http://www.ncrg.org/ Phone: 202-552-2689 Gamblers Anonymous Web: http://www.gamblersanonymous.org/ Phone: 213-386-8789 Gam-Anon.org Web: http://www.gam-anon.org/ Phone: 718-352-1671

...
The Texas Lottery supports Texas education.

