CHARITABLE BINGO News Release TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, Jan. 25, 2013 CONTACT: Media Relations, 512-344-5131  

TEXAS LOTTERY COMMISSION APPOINTS SANDRA JOSEPH TO DIRECTOR OF CHARITABLE BINGO

(AUSTIN) ­ The three-member Texas Lottery Commission has appointed Sandra Joseph as director of Charitable Bingo Operations, where she will oversee the agency's supervision of bingo in the state.

"I am confident that Ms. Joseph is the right choice to lead this agency in regulating Charitable Bingo," said Texas Lottery Commission Chairwoman Mary Ann Williamson. "She has a strong knowledge of bingo regulatory matters and has consistently demonstrated leadership skills throughout her tenure at the Texas Lottery Commission."

Prior to this appointment, Joseph served as special counsel for the Texas Lottery Commission's Legal Division, a position she has held for five years. Before joining the Texas Lottery, Joseph was the open records counsel for the Comptroller of Public Accounts, served as legal counsel to four railroad commissioners, was the senior legal examiner in the Oil and Gas division of the Texas Railroad Commission and was hearing officer and commission appeals attorney for the Texas Workforce Commission.

Joseph received her doctor of jurisprudence from the University of Texas at Austin and her undergraduate degree from Texas Christian University.

-more-

Charitable Bingo · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

   

Texas Lottery Commission Appoints Sandra Joseph to Director of Charitable Bingo/Page 2

 

About Charitable Bingo The Charitable Bingo Operations Division of the Texas Lottery Commission is charged with the strict control and close supervision of bingo conducted in Texas. Charitable Bingo provides authorized organizations the opportunity to raise funds for their charitable purposes by conducting bingo and determines that all charitable bingo funds are used for an authorized purpose and that bingo is conducted fairly. Charitable Bingo works to achieve voluntary compliance and assist licensees through training and education. For more information about charitable bingo, please visit the official Texas Charitable Bingo website at www.txbingo.org.

###

