TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - September 18, 2002 Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208

Extra Cash For The Extras; Movie Mavens Win $4 Million Lotto Texastm Jackpot

Cathy and Jeff Slobojan of Austin with their ceremonial check from the Texas Lottery Commission.

(Austin, September 18) - Perhaps you've seen them as film extras in Spy Kids 2, and now Cathy and Jeff Slobojan of Austin have won some extra cash from the Texas Lottery Commission. The pair won the $4 million Lotto Texas jackpot for the drawing on September 11. They claimed their prize today. Friday the 13th turned out to be a lucky night for Mr. Slobojan to check his numbers. He had just booked his tickets on the Internet for a fishing trip. "I'm going fishing off the coast of Belize with friends," he said. "It's lobster season over there. When you order bacon and eggs for breakfast, it comes with a side of lobster. That's what I was thinking about. Then, I remembered to check my numbers." "He came into the bedroom screaming, 'We won the Lotto, we won the Lotto,'" Mrs. Slobojan said. "I was sleeping, and after getting that piece of information, I certainly didn't do much more. Then I got up and went to work at 6 a.m." The couple say they've told their family, friends and workmates, and everyone has been elated for them. "It hasn't changed things for us," she said. "In fact, I told my employers that this better not stop them from giving me a raise." She declined to name her place of employment. Mr. Slobojan has taken care of the practical matters since last Friday. "I put the ticket in the bank the next day," Mr. Slobojan said. "Since then, it seems all we've done is run around a lot." The couple say they have no big plans to spend their money.

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=360 (1 of 2)12/12/2006 3:22:14 PM

TxLottery: News Release

"We've already invested it," she said. "We're not getting anything we didn't already have planned. I was going to get a car early next year. This moves that up a little bit, and Jeff and I are both taking vacations that we already had booked." Before coming to Lottery headquarters, Mr. Slobojan went to the Speedy Stop #215, 12503 Lamplight Village Avenue, where he purchased the ticket. He gave the clerk $500 for selling him the winning ticket. "With school just having started, I thought she could use the money for her children," the winner said. "I know the store gets a bonus, but I wanted to make sure she got something, too." The silver screen aficionados also will appear in The Life of David Gayle, to be released in November and starring Kevin Spacey. Mr. Slobojan also was featured in the Texas Chainsaw Massacre. The winning numbers were 3-10-28-31-38-51. The winner chose the Cash Value Option, which gives the winner the net present value of the jackpot. That comes to $2.4 million. The ticket was a Quick Pick. The retailer is eligible to receive a bonus of one percent of the advertised jackpot, which comes to $40,000. Tonight's Lotto Texas jackpot is an estimated $5 million. .... The Texas Lottery, the 4th largest selling lottery in North America, is "Focusing on the Future of Education, One Ticket At A Time." By providing the 'Games of Texas' for more than 10 years, the Texas Lottery Commission (TLC) has generated more than $10 billion for the state and paid nearly $17 billion to players in prizes. For more information about the TLC, please visit the official website at http://www.txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=360 (2 of 2)12/12/2006 3:22:14 PM

