TxLottery: News Release

Texas Lottery Commission Press Release - September 18, 2003 Contact: Leticia Vasquez, 512-344-5208 Karen Kalergis, 512-344-5436

Arlington Woman Is Off To The Races After Winning NASCAR® Trip In Texas Lottery® Drawing

"This is a dream come true for me," said Betty Keyes. "I am a lifelong fan of NASCAR races, and now I get to go to the big one . . . Daytona Beach.

(Austin, September 18) - Betty Keyes of Arlington got the prize she's always wanted from the Texas Lottery - a trip to a NASCAR race. Keyes was one of two winners in the most recent second chance drawing for the scratch off game, Fast Tracks. "This is a dream come true for me," she said. "I am a lifelong fan of NASCAR races, and now I get to go to the big one, the birthplace of NASCAR, Daytona Beach, for the 2004 season inaugural race in February. For me, it's like going to the Super Bowl of racing." Texas Lottery Commission Executive Director Reagan E. Greer said that it's exciting that someone like Keyes won the trip. "Who better to give this prize to than a die-hard racing fan!" Greer said. "And Betty isn't just going, she's going in style. We've made sure that our racing package has lots of room for fun, and Betty's so excited right now it's almost like she's already at Daytona!" Keyes' name was selected in the September 2 second-chance drawing that offers a trip to an official NASCAR® race. Included in the prize is round-trip airfare for two people, first-class hotel accommodations, $500 in cash and a special VIP upgrade package. The second winner was Willis J. Stamper, Jr., of Runaway Bay. He requested minimum publicity. Another 556 winners whose names were selected in the second chance drawing will receive prize packages of official
http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=514 (1 of 2)12/12/2006 10:51:12 AM

TxLottery: News Release

NASCAR merchandise, including a uniform jacket, a leather travel bag, official t-shirt, photo plaque and baseball cap. Keyes is looking forward to her dream trip. "I've been a racing fan for 30 years," Keyes said. "I grew up in Houston and loved going to stock car races. I've been to just about every race at Texas Motor Speedway since it opened, except for the one year it rained so much, it was like swampland out there. So, you can imagine, I'm pretty excited about this trip. I'm planning to buy lots of souvenirs." Keyes has been an eager fan of the Fast Tracks instant game, too, since it was issued in June. The ticket features famed NASCAR drivers Dale Earnhardt, Jr., Bill Elliott, Jeff Burton, Mark Martin, Ricky Rudd, Greg Biffle and Matt Kenseth. Keyes said that besides the fun of seeing her favorite race car drivers on the tickets, Keyes has won $200 on three Fast Tracks tickets. "I'm also car shopping right now," she said. "I'm going to turn in my purple Monte Carlo for another Monte Carlo, I think. I like those cars . . . some of my favorite race car drivers use them." The winner was informed by Lottery staff on September 3 while she was at work. Keyes works at a cell phone accessory store where she sells, among other things, faceplates that feature the faces of NASCAR drivers. "When the Lottery called, I went berserk," Keyes said. "I started yelling 'I won, I won, I won!' " The fourth second-chance drawing is scheduled for September 23. The deadline to enter is September 19. The date of the fifth and final drawing will be determined based on game availability. Players can enter by enclosing two non-winning Fast Tracks tickets in a #10 business envelope and mailing it to Fast Tracks Second Chance Drawing, 4287 Belt Line Road, PMB 370, Addison, Texas 75001. Friday's Texas Two-Step® jackpot is $250,000. Saturday's Lotto TexasTM jackpot is an estimated $5 million. For more information about the Texas Lottery, please visit the official Texas Lottery Commission Web site at http://www. txlottery.org

http://10.15.34.35/news/view_press_release.cfm?id=514 (2 of 2)12/12/2006 10:51:12 AM

