NEWS
from the Texas Lottery Commission
Texas Lottery Commission PO Box 16630 Austin, Texas 78761-6630 FAX: (512) 344-5490

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

CONTACT:

Tuesday, June 16, 2009

Media Relations, 512-344-5131 Kevin Cooper, 832-667-2035

TEXAS LOTTERY® AND HOUSTON TEXANS ENTER INTO SCRATCH-OFF TICKET AGREEMENT
(AUSTIN) ­ The Texas Lottery® and Houston Texans released details today about a Houston Texans scratch-off game which will coincide with the start of the 2009 NFL football season. The new $5 game will offer football and lottery fans alike the chance to instantly win from $5 to $100,000 in cash prizes. In addition, secondchance drawing prizes will also provide players a chance to win unique, collectible Texans merchandise and once-in-a-lifetime opportunities to experience Houston Texans football up close and personal. Prizes in the second-chance drawings feature authentic jerseys autographed by Texans star players and a spectacular top prize "Texans VIP Suite" package, which will include: o Tickets in a private Team Luxury Suite for a Texans home game during the 2009 or 2010 season for the lucky winner and 13 other friends or family members. o Round trip airfare, ground transportation, hotel accommodations and dinner for the entire group. o Access to the Texans Tunnel during the presentation of the starting line-ups for the lucky winner. o Team merchandise bag consisting of a polo shirt, hat and Texans Power Towel for the entire group.

"We are very excited about partnering with the Texans on this exciting new scratch-off game, not only because the Texans are a well respected sports organization and brand, but also because of our mutual commitment to public education in Texas. The Texans are deeply involved in the Houston community through programs such as the, Reliant Energy Scholarship for Champions, Houston Public Library's Summer Reading Series and NFL Play It Smart, all of which impact the lives of public school students," said Texas Lottery Deputy Executive Director Gary Grief. "We are thrilled to offer our players a chance to win these unique merchandise prizes and incredible game day experiences, and we hope to reach some new customers through the power of the Houston Texans brand. This game is a win-win for the Texas Lottery and the Houston Texans, and we expect the game to generate significant revenue for the Foundation School Fund." Once the launch date for the new game has been determined, the Houston Texans scratch-off game will be available exclusively for purchase at the approximately 16,400 Texas Lottery retailers across the state. "This exciting, new relationship with the Texas Lottery allows us to engage with our fans in a new way," said Texans President Jamey Rootes. "This opportunity provides fans with access to prizes that are not available to the general public. More importantly this initiative will allow us to strengthen our support of education in Texas." In fiscal year 2008, approximately 95 cents of every dollar spent on lottery products by Texas Lottery players was returned to the people of Texas in the form of contributions to education, prizes, retailer commissions and other state programs, with over $983 million going directly to the Foundation School Fund. The Foundation School Fund is a dedicated account that is administered by the Texas Education Agency and helps pay for public education in the State of Texas.

...

