FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Friday, June 7, 2013 MEDIA CONTACT: 512-344-5131, mediarelations@lottery.state.tx.us

TEXAS LOTTERY® PLAYERS, START YOUR ENGINES!
Circuit of The AmericasTM partners with Texas Lottery on 5X Raceway Riches game (AUSTIN) ­ The Texas Lottery® and Circuit of The AmericasTM have teamed up once again to bring an exciting new scratch-off game to Texas. Circuit of The Americas 5X Raceway Riches features instant-win prizes of up to $50,000 and second-chance prizes sure to delight Texas Lottery and racing fans alike. "This year, our partnership with Circuit of The Americas is bigger and better than ever," said Gary Grief, executive director of the Texas Lottery Commission. "The new game features more than $19 million in instant-win prizes, plus chances to win Dream Racing Experience prizes as well as Circuit of The Americas merchandise prize packs in the second-chance drawings." Circuit of The Americas 5X Raceway Riches will be available beginning Monday, June 10. The game features seven top prizes of $50,000 and overall instant-win odds of one in 3.25, including break-even prizes. Players who don't win instantly can go to www.txlottery.com/luckzone and enter their non-winning tickets for a chance to win prizes in the four second-chance drawings occurring throughout the run of the game. Each drawing will award one Dream Racing Experience prize for four, as well as 600 Circuit of The Americas merchandise prize packages. "The Texas Lottery is a terrific sponsorship partner, and we appreciate this new game that helps fund public education and furthers our commitment to supporting organizations that focus on enhancing educational opportunities for our community," said Circuit President and CEO Steve Sexton. "We look forward to developing our partnership with the Texas Lottery this year and for future events."

(more)
Texas Lottery Commission · PO Box 16630 · Austin, Texas 78761-6630 · Fax: (512) 344-5490

5X Raceway Riches /page 2

As part of this partnership, the Texas Lottery is now an official sponsor of Circuit of The Americas and the Austin360 Amphitheater and will participate in events throughout the year. Texas residents aged 18 and older are encouraged to connect with the Texas Lottery on Facebook and Twitter for details on exclusive promotions. About Circuit of The Americas Circuit of The Americas is a world-class destination for premium sports and entertainment. It is the first purpose-built Grand Prix facility in the United States designed for any and all classes of racing, from motor power to human power, and is home to the FORMULA 1 UNITED STATES GRAND PRIX while also hosting MotoGPTM, V8 SupercarsTM, GRAND-AM Road RacingTM, American Le Mans and the FIA World Endurance Championships. The Circuit of The Americas' master plan features a variety of permanent structures designed for business, education, entertainment and race use. Its signature element is a 3.4-mile circuit track. Other support buildings include the Austin360 Amphitheater, an expansive outdoor live music space; an iconic 251-foot, 25-story tower with observation deck; an events and conference center; a banquet hall; and a state-of-the-art medical facility. For more information and downloadable video, audio and photos, visit: www.CircuitofTheAmericas.com, www.Austin360Amphitheater.com or the Circuit's dedicated FTP site, media.circuitoftheamericas.com. About the Texas Lottery Beginning with the first ticket sold in 1992, the Texas Lottery has generated $21 billion in revenue for the state and distributed $40 billion in prizes to lottery players. Since 1997, the Texas Lottery has contributed $15 billion to the Foundation School Fund, which supports public education in Texas. As authorized by the Texas Legislature, certain Texas Lottery revenues benefit state programs, including the Fund for Veterans' Assistance. For more information visit us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube or at www.txlottery.org. ###

